<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e65695_group48-10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

(Mark One)

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934

     For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

                                       or

[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

     For the transition period from ____ to ____

                        Commission File Number 001-32089

                           STRUCTURED PRODUCTS CORP.,
                                  on behalf of

                  CorTS Trust For Peco Energy Capital Trust III

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                             13-3692801
(State or other jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

                              388 Greenwich Street
                            New York, New York 10013
               (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

Registrant's telephone number including area code:

                                                  212-816-7496

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         TITLE OF EACH CLASS           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED

CorTS Trust For Peco Energy                    New York Stock Exchange
Capital Trust III, Corporate-Backed
Trust Securities (CorTS) Certificates

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                                           None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. |_| Yes   |X| No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. |_| Yes   |X| No

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has (1) filed all reports required
to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to have filed such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                            Yes  X(1)        No
                                 ----            ----

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

----------
(1)  Pursuant to staff administrative positions established in the no-action
     letter Corporate Asset Backed Corporation ("CABCO") (available August 9,
     1995), the Depositor is not required to respond to various items of Form
     10-K. Such items are designated herein as "Not Applicable".

<PAGE>


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

(Check one)

Large Accelerated Filer [_]  Accelerated Filer [_]  Non-accelerated Filer [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act). |_| Yes   |X| No

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of
the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter.

As of the date of this report, all of the common stock of the Registrant is held
by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).

                            Yes              No  X
                                ---             ---

                       Documents Incorporated by Reference

The distribution reports to security holders filed on Form 8-K during the fiscal
year in lieu of reports on Form 10-Q, which includes the reports filed on Form
8-K listed in Item 15(b) hereto.

                                Introductory Note

Structured Products Corp. (the "Depositor") is the depositor under the Base
Trust Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2000, as supplemented by the CorTS
Supplement 2001-1, dated as of January 19, 2001, by and between the Depositor
and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee (the "Trustee"), providing
for the issuance of the CorTS Trust For Peco Energy Capital Trust III,
Corporate-Backed Trust Securities (CorTS) Certificates (the "Certificates") and
is the depositor for the Certificates (the "Registrant"). The Certificates do
not represent obligations of or interests in the Depositor or the Trustee.

The issuer(s) of the underlying securities, or guarantor thereof, or successor
thereto, as applicable, is subject to the information reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). For
information on the issuer(s) of the underlying securities, or guarantor thereof,
or successor thereto, as applicable, please see its periodic and current reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission"). Such
reports and other information required to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act,
by the issuer(s) of the underlying securities, or guarantor thereof, or
successor thereto, as applicable, may be inspected and copied at the public
reference facilities maintained by the Commission at 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549. The Commission also maintains a site on the World Wide
Web at "http://www.sec.gov" at which users can view and download copies of
reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed
electronically through the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval
system, or "EDGAR." Neither the Depositor nor the Trustee has participated in
the preparation of such reporting documents, or made any due diligence
investigation with respect to the information provided therein. Neither the
Depositor nor the Trustee has verified the accuracy or completeness of such
documents or reports. There can be no assurance that events affecting the
issuer(s) of the underlying securities, or guarantor thereof, or successor
thereto, as applicable, or the underlying securities have not occurred or have
not yet been publicly disclosed that would affect the accuracy or completeness
of the publicly available documents described above. The chart below lists each
trust, the issuer(s) or guarantor, or successor thereto, of the related
underlying security, and its respective Exchange Act file numbers, if
applicable.

--------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------
Underlying Securities Issuer(s) or Guarantor, or     Exchange Act File Number
                successor thereto

--------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------
Peco Energy Company                                 000-16844
--------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------



<PAGE>


                                     PART I

Item 1.    Business

           None

Item 1A.   Risk Factors

           Not applicable

Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments

           Not applicable

Item 2.    Properties

           None

Item 3.    Legal Proceedings

           None

Item 4.    Submission of Matters To A Vote of Security Holders

           None


                                     PART II

Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
           and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

           The Certificates representing investors' interest in the Trusts are
           represented by one or more physical Certificates registered in the
           name of Cede & Co., the nominee of The Depository Trust Company.

           The Certificates are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.


Item 6.    Selected Financial Data

           None

Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
           Results of Operations

           Not Applicable

Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

           Not applicable

Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

           None

Item 9.    Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
           Financial Disclosure

           None

Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures

           Not applicable

Item 9B.   Other Information

           Not applicable


                                    PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

           None

<PAGE>


Item 11.   Executive Compensation

           Not Applicable

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
           Related Stockholder Matters

           Information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-X: Not applicable
           Information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-X: None

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

           None

Item 14.   Principal Accounting Fees and Services

           Not Applicable


                                     PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits, Financial Schedules

(a) The following documents are also filed as part of this Report:

    3. Exhibits:


       31.1      Certification by Assistant Secretary, Assistant Vice
                 President and Finance Officer of the Registrant pursuant to
                 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of
                 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

       99.1      Annual Compliance Report by Trustee.


(b) The following reports on Form 8-K were filed during the period covered by
this report and are hereby incorporated by reference:

             1.    Trustee's Distribution Statement for the May 2, 2005
                   Distribution Date filed on Form 8-K on May 16, 2005.

             2.    Trustee's Distribution Statement for the October 31, 2005
                   Distribution Date filed on Form 8-K on 2. November 15, 2005.


(c) See item 15(a)(3) above.



<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES



     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                Structured Products Corp., as depositor for the
                                  Trusts (the "Registrant")




Dated:  March 24, 2006          By:    /s/ Mark C. Graham
                                       -----------------------------------
                                Name:  Mark C. Graham
                                Title: Assistant Secretary, Assistant Vice
                                       President and Finance Officer



<PAGE>


                                                                    Exhibit 31.1


                                  CERTIFICATION


I, Mark C. Graham, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K, and all reports on Form 8-K
containing distribution or servicing reports filed in respect of periods
included in the year covered by this annual report, of Structured Products
Corp., on behalf of CorTS Trust For Peco Energy Capital Trust III;

2. Based on my knowledge, the information in these reports, taken as a whole,
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading as of the
last day of the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the distribution or servicing information required to
be provided to the depositor by the trustee under the pooling and servicing, or
similar agreement, for inclusion in these reports is included in these reports;
and

4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by the depositor and
the trustee under the pooling and servicing, or similar agreement and based
upon my knowledge and the annual compliance review required under that
agreement, and except as disclosed in the reports, the depositor and trustee
have each fulfilled its obligations under that agreement.

In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information
provided to me by the following unaffiliated parties: U.S. Bank Trust National
Association.


                        By:     /s/ Mark C. Graham
                                ---------------------------------------------
                        Name:   Mark C. Graham
                        Title:  Assistant Secretary, Assistant Vice President
                                and Finance Officer
                        Date:   March 24, 2006


<PAGE>


                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


                            ANNUAL COMPLIANCE REPORT

         The undersigned, being an officer of U.S. Bank Trust National
Association, as trustee (the "Trustee"), with respect to CorTS Trust For Peco
Energy Capital Trust III, on whose behalf Structured Products Corp. has prepared
this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 (the
"Annual Report"), certifies as follows:

1. The Trustee is the trustee under the trust agreement.

2. Based on my knowledge, for the periods included in the year covered by the
Annual Report, the Trustee has fulfilled its obligations, including any
servicing obligations, under the trust agreement.



                                /s/ Marlene Fahey
                                -------------------------
                                Name:   Marlene Fahey
                                Title:  Vice President
                                Date:   March 24, 2006



<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit                                                                   Page
  31.1       Certification by Assistant Secretary, Assistant Vice
             President and Finance Officer of the Registrant pursuant
             to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section
             302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

  99.1       Annual Compliance Report by Trustee pursuant to 15 U.S.C.
             Section 7241.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
