<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nw10kjune2003.txt
<TEXT>
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

             [ X ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                    For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2003
                                       or
            [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

          For the transition period _______________ to _______________

                          Commission File No. 0-25831
                                              -------
                              NetWolves Corporation
              ----------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          New York                                      11-2208052
--------------------------------             -----------------------------------
 (State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization

        4002 Eisenhower Blvd, Tampa, Florida            33634-7511
--------------------------------------------    -------------------------
        (Address of Principal Executive Offices)        (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:   (813) 286-8644
                                                    ------------------
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                         Common Stock, $.0033 par value
                       -----------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X    No
                                       ---      ---

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No  X
                                                ---     ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [X ].

The  aggregate  market value of the voting stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant,  based upon the closing  sale price of the Common  Stock on June 30,
2003 as reported on the NASDAQ, was approximately $13,500,000.  Shares of Common
Stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 5%
or more of the outstanding  Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons
may be deemed to be affiliates.  This  determination of affiliates status is not
necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of September 24, 2003, the Registrant had  outstanding  15,867,571  shares of
Common Stock.

Documents incorporated by reference:

Part III (Items 10, 11, 12 and 13) Registrant's definitive proxy statement to be
filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                   FORM 10-K

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I
     ITEM 1  Business .........................................................1
     ITEM 2 Properties .......................................................19
     ITEM 3 Legal Proceedings ................................................20
     ITEM 4 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders ..............20

PART II
     ITEM 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
            Matters ..........................................................21
     ITEM 6 Selected Financial Data ..........................................21
     ITEM 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
            Results of Operations ............................................23
     ITEM 7aQuantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk ........31
     ITEM 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ......................31
     ITEM 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
            Financial Disclosure .............................................32
     ITEM 9a Controls and Procedures .........................................32


PART III
     Incorporated by reference to Registrant's  definitive proxy statement to be
     filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

PART IV
     ITEM 14  Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules, and Reports on Form
              8-K ............................................................33

SIGNATURES        ............................................................34
<PAGE>

PART I

ITEM 1.         BUSINESS

This  Annual  Report on Form  10-K,  the  exhibits  hereto  and the  information
incorporated by reference herein contain "forward looking statements" within the
meaning  of  Section  27A of  the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  as  amended  (the
"Securities  Act") and Section 21E of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), and such forward looking  statements involve risks
and uncertainties. When used in this report, the words "expects", "anticipates",
"estimates"  and similar  expressions  are intended to identify  forward looking
statements.  Such statements are subject to risks and  uncertainties  that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.  These risks and
uncertainties  include  those  discussed  below under "Risk  Factors"  and those
discussed in  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and
Results  of  Operations"  or   incorporated  by  reference   herein.   NetWolves
Corporation  undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these
forward  looking  statements to reflect events or  circumstances  after the date
this Report is filed with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Overview

We operate  primarily in three  distinct  segments.  The first is the technology
segment,  consisting of NetWolves  Technologies Corp. (NWT), which is engaged in
network   and   security    infrastructure.    The   second   segment   is   the
telecommunications segment, consisting of Norstan Network Services, Inc. (NNSI),
a managed communication  services provider.  The third segment is the management
and consulting  segment in the automotive  industry through our subsidiary,  TSG
Global Web, Inc.  Because its  operations  will not be material to us on a going
forward basis, we are not providing any additional business  information on this
segment.

We have  achieved an offering of managed  products  and  services  that meet the
necessary  requirements for  organizations to move off of expensive private data
networks  while  attaining the benefits and  flexibility of public data network.
Additionally,  our  proprietary  technology  provides a high  level of  security
through its integrated approach to management,  monitoring and  interoperability
for small and medium remote enterprise  locations  (locations with less than 300
network  users).  We offer  products and services that provide  complete  system
solutions to  organizations  needing cost effective  network  security  features
(firewall,  virtual private networking,  routing,  intrusion detection,  content
filtering,   email,   etc.)  delivered  on  low  cost  commodity  hardware  with
Internet-based  expansion  capabilities.  Our patent pending  system  technology
enables  organizations  to achieve  corporate  Information  Technology  (IT) and
e-business  initiatives  through the deployment of easily installable  perimeter
office security platforms,  coupled with secure remote monitoring and management
("SRM2 TM") system.  SRM2 TM provides  centralized  management  capabilities for
hundreds or thousands of remote locations without risking  networking  integrity
by opening an  administrative  port on the remote device through which outsiders
can gain access to  information on the system.  We also provide  cost-effective,
value-added expansion  technologies such as intelligent  fail-over,  which means
that if one circuit for gaining  access to information  fails,  the system would
automatically switch to an alternative circuit.

NNSI, acquired in July 2002, manages multiple source (any combination of network
providers such as MCI Worldcom,  Sprint, AT&T, Covad, etc.) voice (long distance
and  local)  and  data  (Internet)   services   throughout  the  United  States.
Additionally,  NNSI has the required  Federal  Communications  Commission  (FCC)
licensing necessary to aggregate all services provided to a single customer on a
single  bill.  For  the  year  ended  June  30,  2003,  NNSI's  net  sales  were
approximately  $20,350,000.  As a  result  of this  acquisition,  we  expect  to
increase our managed security  services revenues by selling into NNSI's existing
customer base.

Background

NetWolves,  LLC was an Ohio  limited  liability  company  formed on February 13,
1998,  which was merged into Watchdog  Patrols,  Inc.  ("Watchdog")  on June 17,
1998. Watchdog, the legal surviving entity of the merger, was incorporated under
the laws of the State of New York on January 5, 1970.  As a result of the merger
and subsequent sale of Watchdog's  existing business,  Watchdog changed its name
to NetWolves.

                                       1
<PAGE>

NWT Products and Services

The  NetWolves  Security  Suite  ("NSS") and WolfPac  Security  Platforms  offer
sophisticated,  yet easy-to-  administer devices for securely  connecting people
and offices to the  Internet  by  combining  a wide range of  functionality  and
communications  choices. This functionality  includes Internet access,  firewall
security,  web access control,  e-mail, IP routing, web server,  caching server,
and file  sharing in an easy-to-  configure  integrated  software  and  hardware
solution.  NetWolves'  WolfPac Security  Platforms work with a variety of access
methods to the Internet including North American T1/56K,  European E1 standards,
ISDN lines, DSL, cable or satellite modems.

When NetWolves' WolfPac Security Platform resides between a company's local-area
network and an Internet service, it provides shared Internet access for a few or
up  to  hundreds  of  users.   The   Internet   provides  one  of  today's  most
cost-effective  means of communication,  and through use of the WolfPac Security
Platforms,  an organization with many locations can create numerous intercompany
online communities.

The WolfPac Security  Platforms also contain advanced  firewall security systems
that enable  businesses to implement  company-wide  network  security  policies,
protecting a company's valuable data assets from unauthorized users. The WolfPac
Security   Platforms   cost   substantially   less  than  the  purchase  of  its
functionality  found via the  traditional,  integrated or patchwork  approach by
using individual products serving only one function. Each application within the
server is designed to work together using integrated  hardware and software with
a common  interface.  This  facilitates  expansion and support of the converging
voice and data information.

Keeping  data  secure  is one of the  main  functions  of our  WolfPac  Security
Platform.   Companies   significantly  reduce  private  data  network  costs  by
installing VPN (virtual private network) applications and utilizing the Internet
to maintain data privacy,  which is  accomplished  through the use of a protocol
and security procedures,  sending encrypted data over the Internet.  The primary
benefit  of  the  VPN  is  providing  the  client   communication   services  at
significantly reduced costs by utilizing public data network rather than private
data network.  Businesses are  implementing  a similar  process called client or
remote VPN,  allowing  employees to communicate with their company's  network at
any time from  outside the  workplace,  using a laptop or desktop  computer  and
client  VPN  software.   This  cost-effective  solution  makes  businesses  more
productive by giving remote users secure access to corporate resources.

With our Intelligent  Fail-over solution,  the WolfPac Security Platform has the
ability to continuously monitor  application level performance.  Simultaneously,
the WolfPac Security Platform monitors performance levels of the VPN tunnel that
pass through the primary  interface by conducting  scheduled  interval tests. If
the  primary  interface  fails  or the VPN  tunnel  does  not  meet  established
performance criteria, the WolfPac Security Platform will automatically fail over
to a secondary interface and permit the data to reach its intended  destination,
securely and reliably using RIP, OSPF or BGP protocols.

The World Wide Web is a broad  universe of  network-accessible  information.  To
enable  employers to keep  employees  focused on business  issues,  most WolfPac
Security Platforms include Web Access Control as an optional feature.  Using Web
Access Control,  a client's system  administrator  can block or permit access to
the Internet and specific  web sites.  If a business  owner or teacher  needs to
enforce or implement an acceptable usage policy to keep employees  productive or
students  from  inappropriate  sites,  this is  accommodated  through Web Access
Control.

E-mail allows electronic  messages to be delivered over the Internet to specific
individuals and groups. It is one of the fastest,  most  cost-effective  ways to
deliver messages,  documents,  web pages, and secured information.  Many WolfPac
Security  Platform  models  include  as a  standard  or an  optional  feature an
integrated mail server that supports a virtually unlimited number of accounts.

WolfPac Security  Platforms  incorporate an Internet  Protocol (IP) router.  The
Internet Protocol is the language the Internet "speaks" in order to communicate.
A router  is a device,  or in some  cases,  software  that  determines  the next
network  point  to  which a  packet  of data  should  be  forwarded  toward  its
destination.  The router is connected to at least two networks and decides which
way to send each  information  packet based on its current  understanding of the
state of the networks to which it is connected.

                                       2
<PAGE>
More advanced WolfPac Security Platforms incorporate a web caching server, which
stores  web pages  visited  by users.  This  speeds up  browsing  and  optimizes
Internet services by allowing the user to see previously visited web pages after
only one or several letters of the page.

Typically,  using a web browser,  a user attempting to access information on the
Internet performs a Domain Name System (DNS) lookup. DNS is the Internet service
that converts understandable web site names (for example www.netwolves.com) into
computer  readable web site numbers or IP addresses  (IP numbers are  meaningful
only to  those  who need to know  them  and not to the  average  web  user).  By
integrating a DNS caching server  directly into the WolfPac  Security  Platform,
Internet  traffic  is  reduced  and web site  address  look-up  time is  faster,
therefore increasing the overall performance of the system.

A Dynamic Host Configuration  Protocol (DHCP) server integrated into the WolfPac
Security  Platform  allows for easy  management  when  adding  computers  to the
existing company  network.  It saves time and allows network  administrators  to
work more  efficiently,  eliminating the need for a person to travel to a remote
location to configure a new computer with an IP address.

A web based  Administrative  Interface (AI) allows the network  administrator to
configure  the  various  subsystems  of the  NSS.  The  NSS  becomes  completely
transparent to the Internet user.  Likewise,  because the NSS is easy to set-up,
it will feel transparent to the administrator.  This is particularly true should
changes be required following initial installation.  Since all administration of
the NSS is performed through a web browser,  the administrator can work from any
workstation on the LAN.

Features of NetWolves Security Suite

Our security products offer the following standard features:

     --   Securely connects any number of users in a small geographic area (LAN)
          simultaneous to the Internet through a dedicated connection.

     --   Hierarchical caching, which are rules that tell a computer to look for
          the data stored locally before  accessing the Internet for data, gives
          the WolfPac  Security  Platform more efficient web viewing and greater
          ability to transfer data from one file to another.

     --   Any number of users can send and receive  e-mail  individually,  while
          sharing one Internet service provider account.

     --   A firewall protects the LAN from Internet-borne attacks.

     --   An advanced network address  translation module allows the creation of
          powerful address translation rules for greater firewall flexibility.

     --   Files that store events for review at a later date ensure  appropriate
          use of Internet resources.

     --   Scalability allows Internet usage to grow as a company expands.

     --   Can be used as a  stand-alone  firewall to protect the  resources of a
          private network from users outside on a public network.

     --   Easily manage internal and external proxy services.

Optional Features of NetWolves Security Suite Our Security Suite also offers the
following optional features:

     --   Web access  control  allows the network  administrator  to effectively
          block or deny access to the Internet and specific web sites.

     --   The Virtual  Private  Networking  (VPN) module  provides a process for
          encrypting  data for secure  transmission  over  public  networks  and
          supports Internet Key Exchange (IKE) and IPSec (a security protocol).

                                       3
<PAGE>

     --   Intrusion Detection System (IDS) is a real time,  network-based system
          designed  to  detect,  report,  and  terminate  unauthorized  activity
          throughout the network.

     --   Intelligent  Failover with virtual  redundant  router  protocol (VRRP)
          establishes a wide area network (WAN) connection on a WolfPac Security
          Platform slave if WAN connection on WolfPac  Security  Platform master
          is lost or fails to meet minimum VPN performance criteria.

     --   NetMetrics provides a means for measuring two performance  parameters:
          the time required to load a single web page from the Internet, and the
          time it takes to send an email to a  specified  account  and receive a
          reply from that same account. Net Metrics also provides the monitoring
          mechanism within Intelligent Failover.

Firewall and Security Functions

We believe that  security is an essential  element of any Internet  connectivity
solution.  For this reason,  our WolfPac  Security  Platform  includes  high-end
firewall  security  protection,  without  requiring  the purchase of  additional
components.

Our platforms are designed to protect a company's  private data and systems from
outside  intruders  with  its  firewall  security  system,  incorporating  three
separate firewall technologies:

     --   Stateful  packet  filters verify that all incoming data packets coming
          from the Internet  have been  requested by an  authorized  user on the
          LAN.

     --   Proxy applications  prevent  unauthorized  Internet  applications from
          accessing the LAN.

     --   Network Address Translation  ("NAT"),  which is a conversion of public
          addresses to and from private  addresses,  makes the network invisible
          to outside Internet users by hiding the internal  network's  addresses
          of each sender or receiver of information.

     --   All packets of data  entering the WolfPac  Security  Platform from the
          Internet are first  checked for validity  against a series of stateful
          packet  filters.  Data is then  forwarded to proxy  applications  that
          further  inspect the  contents of the packets for  potential  security
          violations. If the data is determined to be valid by both the stateful
          packet  filters  and proxy  applications,  it is  allowed to enter the
          secure LAN.

     --   WolfPac  Security  Platforms  are  designed  with  fully  configurable
          firewalls and network address  translation rules that give the network
          administrator  greater flexibility in allowing or denying incoming and
          outgoing data.

Secure Remote Management and Monitoring Services ("SRM2 TM")

Under our SRM2 TM umbrella,  product architecture  planners believe that Managed
Security Services (MSS) will play an even more important role in future security
plans.  Since  a  customer  base  already  exists  within  our  Platforms,   the
security-monitoring  infrastructure will significantly  reduce costs and provide
effective and economical network managed security services to our clients.

SRM2 TM is comprised of the following product subsystems:

     --   SRM2 TM Monitoring & Notification  provides monitoring,  notification,
          paging and alarming capabilities of remote WolfPac Security Platforms.
          In addition, the firewall status, VPN tunnel status and Administrative
          Interface  configuration status of all remote end points are monitored
          and logged.

     --   SRM2 TM Management and Configuration manages and configures remote end
          points individually or by groups,  including complete operating system
          upgrades.  Remote end points are capable of  failover to an  alternate
          SRM2 TM server in the event that the primary  server is  inaccessible.
          This  service  also allows user access to specific  information  about
          remote Platforms (individually or by groups) via a monitoring console.

                                       4
<PAGE>

          Specific  information  includes firewall status,  the number of active
          VPN  connections,   traffic  statistics,   intrusion  detection  data,
          activity logs, and administrative Interface configuration data.

     --   SRM2 TM Intrusion  Detection provides host and network based intrusion
          detection capabilities for remote WolfPac Security Platforms.  The IDS
          information  is then  transferred  from  each  remote  end  point to a
          database, where it can be accessed by the monitoring console.

     --   SRM2 TM Anti-Virus  stipulates  both  protection  (security) of remote
          WolfPac Security Platforms from hardware  glitches,  software bugs and
          any  attempts to sabotage  client  data,  and damage  control  through
          immediate  detection.  Activity logs are transferred  from each remote
          end point to a database,  where it can be  accessed by the  monitoring
          console.

     --   SRM2 TM VPN provides  the network  manager with the ability to connect
          separate business locations,  using the IP infrastructure  rather than
          through private mediums such as leased lines.

     --   Security  Policy  Management  is the  process  by which  the  client's
          security policy is created,  defined, or redefined to reflect security
          management  processes  enabled by advent of our products and services.
          This policy reflects particularly the rules governing remote end point
          security and the processes guiding how security  platforms are managed
          and configured to ensure specified protections.

     --   Firewall  Policy  Management  is the  process  by which  the  client's
          firewall  security  policy is created to reflect  the methods by which
          NetWolves  firewall  platforms  are to be utilized  to ensure  network
          protection.  This  policy  sets forth the rules  governing  remote end
          point security and the processes  guiding how the firewall platform is
          utilized to manage and configure the client network.

NNSI Products and Services

NNSI provides multiple source long distance services and related  consulting and
professional services throughout the United States. NNSI provides voice services
consisting  of switched and dedicated  inbound/outbound  long  distance,  travel
cards, conference calling and local services, and data services consisting of IP
dedicated  and dial-up  services,  broadband  services,  frame relay and private
line.

NNSI's methodology includes completing a thorough needs assessment to understand
the current  infrastructure and future requirements of the prospective customer.
Upon  completion of the assessment,  NNSI designs a custom,  unique and flexible
solution utilizing  multi-carrier  alternatives under one contract,  one invoice
and support structure.  Its account teams,  strategic industry relationships and
robust  information  and billing  system  allow NNSI to deliver a single  source
solution  utilizing  the  best of what is  available  to  solve  the  customer's
communication and network needs.

Voice Services

     --   Switched and dedicated inbound/outbound long distance
     --   Travel cards
     --   Conference Calling
     --   Local services

Data services

     --   IP Dedicated and Dial-up Services
     --   Broadband Services (including DSL, Cable and Satellite)
     --   Frame Relay
     --   Private Line

Integrated Information and Billing Systems

NNSI's  consolidated  billing  platform  offers maximum  flexibility in managing
networks  by  providing  the  information  needed in a format  most  useful to a
customer's  organization.  This results in immediate and long-term  cost savings
for the customer.  The end result is one  easy-to-read  invoice that streamlines
your telecommunication expenses.

                                       5
<PAGE>
Production Process

The  process  used to produce  our  technology  products  begins  with  hardware
configuration,  installing the appropriate version of our software,  configuring
client-specific  software  components,  followed  by  a  unit  testing  process.
Raw/prefabricated   materials,   components,   and  subassemblies  required  for
production  include   motherboards,   CPU's,  cases,   Ethernet  cards,  network
communication  cards,  hard  drives,  memory,  CPU fans and power  supplies.  We
believe that these  materials  are  available  from several  companies  and that
alternative sources of supply are currently available.

Licensing and Intellectual Property

We consider  certain features of our products,  including their  methodology and
technology,  to be  proprietary.  We  rely on a  combination  of  trade  secret,
copyright and trademark laws,  contractual provisions and certain technology and
security measures to protect our proprietary intellectual property. We generally
enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees,  consultants, business
partners and major customers. We own copyrighted works of authorship in computer
programs,  including,  but not  limited  to,  portions  of the FoxOS  (operating
system),  products  related to FoxOS,  and various  proprietary  enhancements to
publicly  available open source system software;  as well as traditional  media,
including,  but not limited to,  marketing  materials,  documentation  and white
papers.  Applications  for registration of those copyrights have been filed with
respect to some of these  works,  and further  applications  are  expected to be
filed in the near future.

On June 21,  2000,  we  filed a patent  application  with  the U.S.  Patent  and
Trademark  Office  for  technology  that  provides  secure,  centralized  remote
management and  monitoring of networks  using the Internet.  This SRM2 TM system
has enabled us to expand the use of its technology to Fortune 1000 organizations
with multiple worldwide locations such as General Electric.

Notwithstanding  our efforts to protect our proprietary  rights,  existing trade
secret,  copyright,  and trademark laws afford only limited protection.  Despite
our efforts to protect our proprietary rights and other  intellectual  property,
unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products, obtain and use
information  that we regard as proprietary  or  misappropriate  our  copyrights,
trademarks, trade dress and similar proprietary rights. In addition, the laws of
some foreign countries do not protect  proprietary  rights to as great an extent
as do the laws of the United  States.  Our means of protecting  our  proprietary
rights may not be adequate.  In addition,  our competitors  might  independently
develop  similar  technology or duplicate our products or circumvent any patents
or our other intellectual property rights.

We do not  intend to sell or  transfer  title of our  products  to our  clients,
though  this  structure  may  change as we expand our  operations.  We intend to
license  products  pursuant to licensing and  maintenance  agreements  for which
extended  payment  terms may be offered.  In the case of extended  payment  term
agreements, the customer is contractually bound to equal monthly fixed payments.
In the case of extended payment term agreements,  maintenance may be bundled for
the length of the payment term. Thereafter,  in both instances, the customer may
purchase maintenance annually.

In connection with the  acquisition of NNSI, we obtained  Certificates of Public
Convenience  and Necessity,  which enable NNSI to resell long distance  services
within the state obtained. NNSI is subject to regulation from the Public Utility
Commissions in each specific state.

Manufacturing

We  currently  use a hybrid  manufacturing  and  assembly  model to produce  our
internet security  products.  The enclosures for our WolfPac Security  Platforms
are manufactured by Florida Metal Stamping,  Inc. ("FMS") of Largo, Florida. FMS
is an ISO 9002  certified  manufacturer,  fabricator and assembler of enclosures
for major electronic systems manufacturers. SED Corp. ("SED") of Tucker, Georgia
supplies the motherboards  and most other electronic  components for our WolfPac
Security Platforms.  Electronic  components and custom enclosure  components for
significant future builds will be outsourced to one or numerous manufacturers.

                                       6
<PAGE>
While  we  have  no  long-term  agreement  with  FMS or  SED,  we  believe  that
alternative  manufacturers  and  suppliers are available in the event we seek to
change or expand upon  manufacturers  of our products since the components  used
for assembly are commoditized.

General Electric Agreement

On June 29,  2000,  General  Electric  Company  ("GE")  entered  into a six year
agreement  with us for the master  purchase,  license  and  support  services of
NetWolves' security,  remote monitoring and configuration management system. GE,
after  extensive  due  diligence  in looking  for the  all-in-one  small  office
solution  for network  management,  interconnectivity  and  security,  chose our
products for deployment throughout their enterprise.

The contract is for a term of six years and can be extended for four  additional
one-year  periods unless prior notice of non-renewal is given by either party as
defined in the  agreement.  The  contract  provides for us to receive a fee upon
shipment  of  each  unit,  and  an  additional   one-time   configuration   fee.
Additionally,  upon  shipment of each unit, GE has the right to purchase from us
support service and annual monitoring and management  service on an annual basis
("Annual  Services").  The Annual  Services  shall continue at the same rate per
annum, at GE's  discretion,  provided that GE requests such services at any time
during a subsequent year. GE is required to pay fees for Annual Services in full
from the expiration date of the prior year period and revenue generated from the
Annual Services is recognized over the service period.

GE has commenced the process of using our products for  interconnectivity of its
worldwide offices. Our products enable GE's offices to interact with each other,
utilizing  NetWolves  advanced firewall  security.  NetWolves believes that this
agreement further  validates our technology and innovations  within the firewall
and network  security  markets.  Network  security is one of the most formidable
challenges  facing  Fortune  1000  companies,  and with its new SRM2 TM  system,
NetWolves can offer the appropriate solutions.

On September  26,  2002,  we entered  into a three year  agreement  with General
Electric  Consumer Finance,  the consumer  financing arm of the General Electric
Company.  The agreement  covers the use of our internet  security  technology by
General Electric Consumer Finance in all of its offices worldwide,  encompassing
36 countries. The first rollouts of our products have been completed in Germany,
are underway in Japan and are being scheduled for Australia.

NNSI Customers

NNSI  currently  works  with  more than 400  customers,  ranging  from  start-up
organizations to large well- established corporations.  Approximately 32% of the
sales in our telecommunications segment were made to Swift Transportation during
the year ended June 30, 2003, and Swift continues to be the largest customer for
these  products.  We expect  that Swift will remain the major  customer  for our
telecommunications  products  and  represent  a  significant  percentage  of its
revenues for the next six to twelve months.  If we lose Swift as a customer,  or
if Swift fails to utilize substantial  quantities of our services,  our revenues
will be adversely affected, efforts to expand the markets for these services may
be impaired or delayed, and we may not achieve profitability.

Business Partners

     Our business partners include the following companies:

     --   Sprint
     --   MCI WorldCom
     --   Broadwing Communications
     --   BellSouth
     --   SBC Communications
     --   Qwest (subagent to Global Communications)
     --   Covad
     --   NCR

A major portion of our revenues during the year ended June 30, 2003 were derived
from  resales  by NNSI of  telecommunications  services.  We depend on two major
suppliers - - Sprint and MCI, for the telecommunications  services NNSI provides

                                       7
<PAGE>

to its  customers.  Although  there  are  other  sources  of  telecommunications
services,  other  providers  do not offer  exactly  the same types of  services,
coverage area or reliability of service.  As a result, the loss of services from
one or both of  these  suppliers  could  cause  disruptions  and  delays  to our
customers,  drain the resources of our  personnel,  cause a loss of customers or
business volume, and substantially decrease our revenues.

Competition

Current and potential  competitors in our markets  include,  but are not limited
to, the following, all of whom sell world-wide or have a presence in most of the
major markets for such products: security appliance suppliers such as Watchguard
Technologies,  Inc., NetScreen Technologies,  Inc., SonicWALL,  Inc., enterprise
firewall  software vendors such as Check Point Software and Axent  Technologies;
network equipment manufacturers such as IBM, Cisco Systems, Lucent Technologies,
Nortel Networks,  3COM and Nokia;  computer or network  component  manufacturers
such as Intel  Corporation;  operating system software vendors such as Microsoft
Corporation,  Novell,  Inc. and Sun Microsystems,  Inc; and carriers such as MCI
WorldCom,  AT&T and Sprint. We expect competition to intensify as more companies
enter the Internet  security  market and compete for market share.  In addition,
companies  currently  in the  server  market  may  continue  to  change  product
offerings in order to capture further market share. Many of these companies have
substantially   greater   financial  and  marketing   resources,   research  and
development staffs, manufacturing and distribution facilities than us. There can
be no  assurance  that our current and  potential  competitors  will not develop
products that may or may not be perceived to be more  effective or responsive to
technological  change than ours, or that current or future  products will not be
rendered obsolete by such developments. Furthermore, increased competition could
result in price  reductions,  reduced  margins or loss of market  share,  any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business operating results and
financial condition.

We believe  that an  important  competitive  factor in our  technology  business
segment is the cost effective  integration of many services in a single unit. In
this regard,  we believe that we compare  favorably  to our  competitors  in the
markets  we  serve  in  price  and   overall   cost  of   ownership,   including
administrative  and  maintenance  costs.  However,  equally  important are other
factors, including but not limited to, product quality and scope of performance,
product  reliability,  availability,  upgradability,  and technical  service and
support.  Our ability to compete  will depend  upon,  among other  factors,  our
ability  to  anticipate   industry  trends,   invest  in  product  research  and
development, and effectively manage the introduction of new or upgraded products
to our existing and future customers.

In our telecommunications business segment, we compete at the Fortune 2000 level
specifically  focusing on companies  with multiple  locations with complex voice
and data needs. Our primary  advantage over our competition is that we are large
enough to manage large, complex corporate networks, and yet small enough to stay
agile or quick to change our  solutions  as the market and the  customers  needs
change.  Most  organizations  in our market space are facilities  based having a
large  investment  in  technology  with a high  carrying  cost.  Since  we are a
non-facilities  based  provider,  our overhead  remains small and we can quickly
change to meet changing technology.

Sales and Marketing

Our  marketing  and sales  strategy  is to  position  ourselves  as a leading IP
network  solutions  provider.  To accomplish this objective,  we intend to enter
into  multi-national  reseller  agreements  with  system  integrators,  Internet
Service Providers  (ISP's),  Competitive Local Exchange Carriers  (CLEC's),  and
Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (ILEC's),

In addition, our direct sales force is focused on opening large and medium scale
domestic and multi- national opportunities for firewalls;  caching, hosting, and
email servers, web access filtering systems, Intrusion Detection and anti-virus.
Our NNSI  subsidiary  also  actively  solicits  a broad  range of  communication
carrier  services (leased line and frame relay circuits,  internet access,  long
distance,   and  other  broadband  circuits)  from  mid-market  and  large-scale
prospects.  Our direct and channel sales approach allows us to take advantage of
the  personal  business  contacts  of  our  senior  stockholders  and  executive
management team while building channel sales potential in the large,  medium and
low end of the market.

                                       8
<PAGE>
We also  seek to enter  into  agreements  and  partnerships  with  providers  of
services,  software and hardware  products that enhance the functionality of our
product lines.  This  functionality  is geared to enhance our security  system's
functionality  and  advance  our entry  into  markets  that  include  education,
finance, medical, legal, petroleum, government, travel, hotel, entertainment and
auto  industries.  Agreements and  partnerships  currently  under  consideration
include applications for Intrusion  Detection,  web access content filtering and
anti-virus detection and deletion.

We intend to recruit sales representatives and sales engineering  consultants in
two North American  regional areas;  Eastern and Western United States,  managed
initially by our Director of Sales and Marketing and by two Regional Managers in
the future.  Field Sales  Representatives  are  currently  in place in New York,
Tampa, Phoenix, and Minnetonka.  They are supported by an in-house telemarketing
organization based in Tampa, Florida and by customer support facilities based in
Tampa and  Minnetonka.  Our sales  engineers  work  closely with our field sales
representatives  and perform important pre and post- sales functions,  including
systems analysis, product demonstrations, pilot evaluation program configuration
and  implementation,  and  customizing  solutions for various end user and value
added reseller clients.

We have implemented  marketing  initiatives to support sales and distribution of
our products and services and to communicate and promote  corporate  initiatives
and direction.  Our sales and marketing management employees are responsible for
our award winning web site,  product white papers and sales collateral  programs
development,  lead generation  programs,  customer  support,  systems  analysis,
systems evaluation and pilot programs, and market awareness of NetWolves and its
products.   Marketing  programs  include  public  relations,  product  seminars,
industry conferences and trade shows, coop advertising, telemarketing and direct
mail. Our marketing  employees also  contribute to both the product  development
direction and strategic planning processes by providing  product/market research
and conducting focused competitive product surveys.

We have  devoted our  marketing  and sales  resources to attract  competent  and
professional  marketing and sales management personnel,  define current and long
range market needs,  develop  security  products that exceed the defined  market
requirements, generate leads with multi-national business enterprises, establish
pilot security product  evaluations with Fortune 1000  organizations,  and close
sales after successful pilot evaluation programs.

Engineering and development

The Internet and the computer  hardware and software  industry are characterized
by  rapid   technological   change,   which  requires  ongoing  development  and
maintenance  of  products.  It is  customary  for  modifications  to be  made to
products  as  experience  with  their use  grows or  changes  in  manufacturer's
hardware and software are required.

Our engineering  and development  group is comprised of a core team of engineers
who  specialize  in  different  areas  of  security  and  product   development.
NetWolves' team has experience in a variety of industries, including information
security,  designing  networking  protocols,   building  interfaces,   designing
databases, and computer telephony.  Their expertise is used in the design of our
core products and seeking enhanced  functionality to meet future customer needs.
As of September 15, 2003, our engineering  and development  group consists of 13
employees.  We seek to recruit  highly  qualified  employees  and our ability to
attract and retain such employees  will be a principal  factor in our success in
achieving and maintaining a leading technological position.

Engineering and development expenses were approximately  $1,596,000,  $1,703,000
and  $1,893,000   exclusive  of  capitalized   software   development  costs  of
approximately  $0, $73,000 and $116,000 for the years ended June 30, 2003,  2002
and  2001,  respectively.  We intend  to  increase  our  investment  in  product
development and believe that our future product  offerings will depend, in part,
on our ability to develop,  manufacture and market new products and enhancements
to existing products on a cost-effective and timely basis.

Employees

As of September 15, 2003, we employed approximately 69 full-time employees (4 of
which are covered by employment agreements). Approximately 13 of these employees
are involved in engineering  and  development,  24 in sales and marketing,  8 in
finance  and 24 in  general  administration  and  operations.  In  addition,  we

                                       9
<PAGE>
have  retained  independent  contractors  on  a  consulting  basis  who  support
engineering and marketing functions. To date, we believe we have been successful
in attracting and retaining skilled and motivated individuals.  Our success will
depend in large part upon our continued  ability to attract and retain qualified
employees.  We have never  experienced a work stoppage and our employees are not
covered by a  collective  bargaining  agreement.  We  believe  that we have good
relations with our employees.


RISK FACTORS

You should carefully  consider the factors described below and other information
contained in this report.  The risks and  uncertainties  described below are not
the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
us, which we currently  deem  immaterial  or which are similar to those faced by
other  companies  in our  industry or  business in general,  may also impair our
business  operations.  If  any of  the  following  risks  actually  occurs,  our
business,  financial  condition or results of operations could be materially and
adversely  affected.  In such case,  the trading price of our common stock could
decline,  and you may  lose all or part of your  investment.  This  report  also
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please
refer to "Forward-Looking Statements" included elsewhere in this report.


Financial Risks

We have incurred losses since inception and may never be profitable, which could
result  in a  decline  in the  value  of our  common  stock  and a loss  of your
investment.

We sustained  net losses of  $6,410,574,  $11,630,610  and  $20,631,492  for our
fiscal years ended June 30, 2003,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.  We continue to
sustain losses during the current  fiscal year, and we cannot  guarantee that we
will achieve  profitability in the future. We recognized net operating  revenues
of  $21,159,459,  $738,748  and  $1,425,138  for our fiscal years ended June 30,
2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.  Norstan Network Services, Inc. (NNSI), which
we  acquired  in July 2002 has had  profitable  operations  for its most  recent
fiscal year, and revenue of  approximately  $20,350,000  for the year ended June
30, 2003.  Although this  acquisition  has increased our operating  revenue on a
consolidated  basis,  NNSI revenue has not been sufficient to offset expenses of
our other operations.  We expect to make substantial additional expenditures in
order to develop the markets and distribution channels for our Internet security
solutions  business,  expand support  functions as we increase our marketing and
sales efforts,  and invest in continuing  research and development.  At the same
time, because our Internet security solutions business is relatively new, we are
subject  to  all  the  general   risks   inherent  in,  and  the   difficulties,
complications,  delays and  expenses  typically  involved in growing a business.
Consequently, we expect that operating losses may continue.

If we do not raise substantial  additional capital in amounts sufficient to fund
operating expenses, we may be forced to discontinue certain operations or may be
unable to continue as a going concern.

In order to develop our Internet security  solutions business to the point where
it is generating  operating  profits and cash flows from operations,  we require
substantial  funds.  We  believe  that some of our  requirements  will be met by
anticipated  operating  profits of NNSI and funds recently raised through equity
offerings.  Our exact  requirements  will depend,  in part,  on the magnitude of
NNSI's operating profits,  if any, and the level of orders received and products
delivered under our agreements with General Electric and other third parties. We
have successfully raised  approximately  $14,700,000 in net proceeds from equity
offerings  since July 1, 2002 through  September  25, 2003,  and intend to raise
additional  funds, if necessary,  through private offerings of equity securities
or through debt financing. However, no assurance can be given that proceeds from
these offerings will satisfy all of our requirements. Even though we have raised
enough capital to meet our anticipated  requirements for the next 12 months,  we
cannot make assurances that we will be able to develop our business to the point
of generating consolidated net operating profits and cash flows from operations.
If funds from these sources are not sufficient to offset operating expenses,  we
plan to institute  cost-saving measures that will not only reduce overhead,  but
also curtail operations in certain business segments.  We cannot assure you that
such measures, if implemented, will be sufficient to offset all of our operating
expenses. If the capital we raise from sales of securities is not sufficient to

                                       10
<PAGE>
fund the balance of our operating expenses after we implement these cost-cutting
measures, there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going
concern.

Our  issuance  of equity  securities  to raise  capital may be on terms that are
detrimental to existing shareholders.

In order to meet our  capital  requirements,  we may  continue  to offer  equity
securities for sale, and shareholders will experience  additional dilution.  Any
new equity securities we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of  existing  holders of common  stock.  See  "Future  sales of a large
number of shares of our common stock may cause our stock price to decline."

Risks Related to Our Business

If we do not succeed in establishing effective sales, marketing and distribution
systems, we will not expand our business sufficiently to achieve profitability.

To  increase  market  awareness  and  expand  our  Internet  security  solutions
business,   we  must  establish   effective  sales  and  marketing  systems  and
distribution  channels for our products.  To date,  we have a limited  number of
personnel  devoted  to sales of these  products,  and have made  limited  sales,
primarily based on efforts by members of management. Those sales, to the General
Electric Company and its affiliate, General Electric Consumer Finance (together,
"GE"),  demonstrate the value of our products to potential markets. We intend to
expand our customer  base through  sales of our security  solutions  products to
NNSI's  established  customers  who fall within our target  markets.  Our future
profitability  depends,  in part, on increasing  sales of our Internet  security
solutions business.

The loss of the main customer of our  telecommunications  segment will adversely
affect our telecommunications revenues.

Approximately  32% of the sales in our  telecommunications  segment were made to
Swift Transportation for the year ended June 30, 2003, and Swift continues to be
the largest  customer for these  products.  We expect that Swift will remain the
major customer for our  telecommunications  products and represent a significant
percentage of our revenues for the next six to twelve  months.  If we lose Swift
as a  customer,  or if  Swift  fails  to  order  substantial  quantities  of our
products, our revenues will be adversely affected, efforts to expand the markets
for  these  products  may  be  impaired  or  delayed,  and we  may  not  achieve
profitability.

The long sales and  implementation  cycles for our security  solutions may delay
expansion of our markets.

An end  user's  decision  to  purchase  Internet  security  solutions  typically
involves a  significant  commitment of resources  and a lengthy  evaluation  and
product qualification process by a number of people in different locations.  The
nature of these  products and services  requires us to spend  considerable  time
educating  the end  user  and  providing  information  regarding  their  use and
benefits.  Budgetary  constraints and the need for multiple  approvals within an
enterprise may also delay purchasing  decisions by prospective  customers.  As a
result,  the  time  between  initial  contact  with  a  potential  customer  and
conclusion of a sale of these products  typically  comprises a period of several
months and is subject to delays,  many of which are beyond our control.  We hope
to shorten the sales cycle for these products by leveraging NNSI's relationships
with  its  existing  customers  to  introduce  them  to  our  Internet  security
solutions.

We cannot assure you, however,  that we will be successful in reducing the sales
cycle for these products in the future or that any reduction will be substantial
enough to have a material impact on our revenues or results of operations. If we
are successful in expanding our markets,  we expect a lessening of the impact of
the long sales cycle on our revenues and operating results.

We will not achieve profitability if we cannot compete successfully for sales of
our internet security products and services.

Success of our Internet security  solutions business depends upon our ability to
gain market share for our products.  Our target  markets are the small to medium
sized  companies  that demand both a  connection  to the  Internet  and to their


                                    11
<PAGE>
business partners,  and enterprise  customers,  such as government  agencies and
educational institutions. If we fail to penetrate our target markets and/or book
substantial  sales of our products,  our  operations  and prospects will suffer.
Gaining market  acceptance will depend, in part, upon our ability to demonstrate
the advantages of our products over technology  offered by other companies.  See
"Risk Related to Our Industry - If we are unable to compete  successfully in the
markets for Internet Security Solutions and telecommunications  services, we may
not increase our revenues or achieve profitability."

The loss by NNSI of its two main suppliers of telecommunications  services would
have a substantial, negative effect on our revenues.

A major portion of our revenues during the year ended June 30, 2003 were derived
from  resales  by NNSI of  telecommunications  services.  We depend on two major
suppliers - - Sprint and MCI, for the telecommunications  services NNSI provides
to its  customers.  Although  there  are  other  sources  of  telecommunications
services,  other  providers  do not offer  exactly  the same types of  services,
coverage area or reliability of service.  As a result, the loss of services from
one or both of  these  suppliers  could  cause  disruptions  and  delays  to our
customers,  drain the resources of our  personnel,  cause a loss of customers or
business volume, and substantially decrease our revenues.

Our Internet security solutions are complex and may contain undetected errors or
result  in  failures  that  could  inhibit  or delay  market  acceptance  of our
products, impede our growth and increase our operating costs.

Our Internet  security  solutions are quite  complex and may contain  undetected
errors or bugs or  experience  failures.  In  particular,  the Internet  network
environment  is  characterized  by a wide variety of standard  and  non-standard
configurations  and  errors,  failures  and bugs in third  party  platforms  and
applications  that make  pre-release  testing for  programming or  compatibility
errors very difficult, time- consuming and expensive. Furthermore, we believe no
amount of testing can guarantee that errors,  failures or bugs will not be found
in new products or releases which we ship  commercially.  Product  failures,  if
they occur,  could result in our having to replace all affected products without
being able to book revenue for the replacements, or we may be required to refund
the purchase price of defective products.  Any of these errors, bugs or failures
discovered after commercial  release could require  significant  expenditures of
capital and resources,  and cause interruptions,  delays or cessation of service
to our customers, and result in:

     --   adverse publicity and damage to our reputation;
     --   failure to achieve or delay in achieving market acceptance;
     --   loss of customers;
     --   loss or delay in revenues;
     --   diversion of development resources;
     --   increased service and warranty costs;
     --   costly litigation; and
     --   diversion of  management's  attention  and  depletion of financial and
          other resources.

We may have to defend  lawsuits or pay damages in connection with any alleged or
actual  failure  of  our  Internet  security  solutions  or   telecommunications
services,  which could  significantly  increase our  operating  costs and have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Because we provide and monitor  network  security and protect  confidential  and
potentially valuable information from transmission errors,  viruses and security
breaches,  we could  face  claims by  customers  or third  parties  for  product
liability,  tort or breach of  warranty.  Anyone who  circumvents  our  security
systems could misappropriate  confidential  information or other property of our
customers or interrupt  their  operations.  In this event, we could be forced to
defend  lawsuits  by  customers  and third  parties.  In  addition,  we may face
liability for breaches caused by faulty  installation of our products.  Although
we attempt to reduce the risk of losses from claims through contractual warranty
disclaimers and limitations on liability, these provisions may be unenforceable.
Some courts have held that  limitations  on  liability  in standard  software or
computer  contracts  are  unenforceable  under  certain  conditions.   Defending
lawsuits, regardless of the merits, is generally costly, and we do not currently
carry errors and omissions insurance.  As a result, any lawsuits brought against
us  alleging  failures of our  security  solutions  products  or services  could
significantly increase our operating costs and have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition.

                                       12
<PAGE>
Any breach of network  security  could  injure the  reputation  of our  Internet
security solutions  products,  reduce our customer base and adversely affect our
revenues.

The success of our Internet security  solutions  business depends on our ability
to provide effective Internet security. Any breach of network security in one of
our end user's Internet security systems, whether or not the breach results from
any  malfunction  or  defect in our  products  or  services,  could  damage  our
reputation.  This,  in turn,  could  result in our loss of  actual or  potential
customers and distribution partners. Because techniques used by computer hackers
to access or disrupt  networks change often and are usually not recognized until
used against a target, we may not anticipate these techniques and protecting our
customers  against  them.  Companies  such as ours, in the business of providing
network security,  may themselves be more likely to be the targets of attacks by
hackers.  If we are unable to protect our  internal  systems or those of our end
users against  penetration by hackers,  our  reputation may suffer,  we may lose
actual or prospective customers and our revenues may be adversely affected.

If we are unable to maintain the services of either  contract  manufacturer  for
our Internet security products, or if manufacturers cannot fill larger orders on
a timely basis if we experience  growth in sales, we could experience  delays or
interruptions in product shipments to our customers.

Manufacturing  and assembly of the hardware  components of our Internet security
products is performed by two contract  manufacturers.  We do not have  long-term
contracts  with  either  manufacturer.  As a  result,  we  currently  depend  on
manufacturers  of our hardware  components who are not obligated to provide them
on a long-term basis. Although each of these manufacturers has provided products
at reasonable cost with acceptable quality, they may not meet our future demands
at all,  or in a timely or  cost-effective  manner or with  consistent  quality,
especially if we experience  substantial sales growth.  Although we believe that
there are many  manufacturers  who could  produce our hardware  components  with
acceptable quality, we may nevertheless  experience  disruptions in our Internet
security  solutions  business if we are required to change or add manufacturers.
Any disruptions of this type could result in a loss of customers or orders and a
related decline in revenues.

Failure to manage our operations if they expand could impair our future growth.

If we are able to expand  our  operations,  particularly  those of our  Internet
security solutions business,  the expansion will place significant strain on our
management,   financial  controls,   operating  systems,   personnel  and  other
resources.  Our ability to manage future growth, should it occur, will depend to
a large extent upon several factors,  including our ability to do the following,
particularly in relation to our Internet security solutions business:

     --   build and train our sales force;
     --   establish and maintain relationships with end users and distributors;
     --   develop customer support systems;
     --   develop expanded internal  management and financial  controls adequate
          to keep pace with growth in personnel and sales, if they occur;
     --   manage the use of third-party manufacturers and suppliers; and
     --   successfully leverage the potential for sales of products and services
          of each business segment to customers of the other segment.

If we are able to grow our business  but do not manage our growth  successfully,
we may experience increased operating expenses, loss of end users,  distributors
or suppliers and declining or slowed growth of revenues.

Our ability to compete may be damaged and our  revenues may be reduced if we are
unable to protect our intellectual property rights adequately.

Our success depends upon maintaining the  confidentiality and proprietary nature
of our software and other intellectual property rights, particularly in relation
to our Internet security  solutions  business.  To protect these rights, we rely
principally on a combination of:

     --   contractual arrangements providing for non-disclosure and prohibitions
          on use;
     --   patents and pending patent applications;

                                       13
<PAGE>

     --   trade secret, copyright and trademark laws; and
     --   certain technical measures.

Our policy is to enter into confidentiality, technology ownership and/or license
agreements,  as  applicable,  with  our  technical  employees,  as  well as with
distributors  and  customers,  and to limit  access to and  distribution  of our
software,  documentation and other proprietary  information.  In addition, we do
not license or release our source code,  except in  connection  with source code
escrow arrangements and applicable restricted source code license agreements for
any source code appropriately released from escrow.

Patent,  trade secret,  copyright and trademark laws provide limited protection.
Because  patent  applications  in the United  States are not publicly  disclosed
until the relevant patent is issued, applications may have been filed, which, if
issued as patents,  could  relate to our  services  and  products  as  currently
designed  or  as we  may  modify  them  in  the  future  to  meet  the  market's
requirements.  Trade secret,  copyright and trademark laws, in combination  with
the steps we take to protect our proprietary  rights, may not adequately prevent
misappropriation of those rights. We may be required to bring proceedings in the
United States  Patent and Trademark  office or other legal action to enforce our
patents,  trademarks  or  copyrights.  We may find it  necessary  to litigate to
protect  our trade  secrets and  know-how.  Any legal  actions  would be costly,
timing  consuming,  and would divert the attention of  management  and technical
personnel.

The protections provided by laws protecting  intellectual property rights do not
prevent our competitors  from  developing,  independently,  products  similar or
superior to our products and technologies.  In addition, effective protection of
copyrights,  trade  secrets,  trademarks,  and other  proprietary  rights may be
unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries.

Our inability or failure to protect our proprietary  technology could damage our
ability to compete,  particularly in the Internet security  solutions  business,
reduce  our  revenues  and  damage  our  prospects  for  achieving   growth  and
profitability.

If our products incorporate  technology that infringes the proprietary rights of
third  parties and we do not secure  licenses  from them, we could be liable for
substantial damages that would cause a material reduction in revenues and impair
our prospects for achieving growth and profitability.

In  furtherance of the  development of our services or products,  we may need to
acquire licenses for intellectual  property to avoid infringement of third party
rights  or  claims of  infringement.  These  licenses  may not be  available  on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Claims for infringement if made, could
damage  our  business  prospects,   our  results  of  operations  and  financial
condition, whether or not the claims have merit, by:

     --   consuming  substantial time and financial resources required to defend
          against them;
     --   diverting the  attention of  management  from growing our business and
          managing operations;
     --   resulting in costly litigation; and
     --   disrupting product sales and shipments.

If any third party  prevails  in an action  against us for  infringement  of its
proprietary  rights,  we could be required to pay damages and either  enter into
costly  licensing  arrangements  or redesign  our  products so as to exclude the
infringing technology.  As a result, we would incur substantial costs, delays in
the product  development,  sales and  shipments of our products and our revenues
may  decline  substantially  and we may  never  be able to  achieve  the  growth
required for us to achieve profitability.

Potential  acquisitions  may  involve  financial  and  operational  risks to our
business.

In the normal course of our business,  we evaluate  prospective  acquisitions of
businesses,  products  and  technologies  that  could  complement  or expand our
business. In connection with any acquisition, we cannot predict whether we will:

          --   identify suitable acquisition candidates;
          --   negotiate successfully the terms of the acquisition;
          --   secure adequate financing;

                                       14
<PAGE>

          --   obtain a proper and adequate  valuation of the business or assets
               to be acquired;
          --   integrate   an   acquired   business,   product   or   technology
               successfully into our existing business or products; or
          --   retain key  personnel  previously  associated  with the  acquired
               businesses.

In  addition,   we  may  compete  for  acquisitions  with  companies  that  have
significantly greater resources than we do. Negotiating  potential  acquisitions
and  integrating  acquired  businesses  could  divert the time and  resources of
management and skilled technical personnel.

We may  finance  future  mergers  or  acquisitions  with cash  from  operations,
significant  additional  indebtedness or additional equity financings  involving
issuance of a  significant  number of shares of common or  preferred  stock.  We
cannot  assure  you that we will be able to  generate  cash from  operations  or
obtain  additional  financing from external  sources or that such financing,  if
available,  will be on terms  acceptable to us. If we incur  substantial debt to
finance an acquisition it could significantly  increase our leverage and involve
restrictive covenants which may limit our operations. The issuance of additional
stock to finance  acquisitions may dilute our earnings and result in substantial
dilution to our shareholders.

Our success may depend upon successful integration of acquisitions.

Our  success  may  depend,  in part,  on our  ability  to  manage  the  combined
operations of our Internet security  solutions business and the business of NNSI
and to integrate their operations into a single organization.  In addition, part
of our  strategy  for growing the two  businesses  is to sell the  products  and
services of our Internet security business to the established customers of NNSI.
We cannot assure you that our  cross-selling  efforts will be successful or that
we will otherwise  succeed in integrating  the operations of the two businesses.
The need to  integrate  these  businesses  could  place  additional  demands  on
management  and other  personnel.  If we do not succeed in  integrating  the two
businesses as planned, our financial results and business prospects could suffer
materially.

Failure to attract  and retain  management  and other  personnel  may damage our
operations and financial results and cause our stock price to decline.

We depend to a significant  degree on the skills,  experience and efforts of our
executive officers and other key management, technical, finance, sales and other
personnel.  Our failure to attract,  integrate,  motivate and retain existing or
additional  personnel  could  disrupt  or  otherwise  harm  our  operations  and
financial results. Although we have employment agreements with each of Walter M.
Groteke,  our Chairman  and Chief  Executive  Officer,  Walter R.  Groteke,  our
Executive  Vice  President  and Peter C. Castle,  our Vice  President - Finance,
securing  their  employment  for  varying  terms,  we do not  carry key man life
insurance  policies  covering any employees.  The loss of services of any of our
key  employees,  an  inability to attract or retain  qualified  personnel in the
future, or delays in hiring additional  personnel could delay the development of
our business and have a negative  impact on our operating  results and financial
condition.

Risks Related to Our Industry

Slower growth in demand for Internet security solutions and related products and
services  may  harm  our  revenues  and  prospects  for  achieving   growth  and
profitability.

The  markets  for our  products  and  services  depend  on  economic  conditions
affecting the broader network security,  telecommunications services and related
markets.  Downturns  in any of these  markets  may  cause  end users to delay or
cancel orders for our products and services.  Customers may experience financial
difficulties,  cease or scale back  operations,  or reverse  prior  decisions to
budget for orders of our products and services. As a result, we could experience
longer sales cycles,  delays in payment and  collection,  and pressures from our
markets to reduce our prices.  Any reduction in prices would cause us to realize
lower  revenues and  margins.  The rate of capital  spending in the  information
technology and  telecommunications  sectors have generally decreased in the past
12 to 24  months,  and  many  potential  customers  have  experienced  declining
revenues.  Although we believe the terrorist  attacks of September 11, 2001 have
caused some  contraction in business  generally,  the attacks and ensuing events
have also heightened  awareness of the need for security,  including security of
Information  Technology.   If  capital  spending  in  our  markets  nevertheless
declines,  we may not be able to  increase  revenues  or  achieve  profitability
without  increasing  market  share  from  competitors.  See "If we are unable to

                                       15
<PAGE>

compete  successfully  in  the  markets  for  Internet  security  solutions  and
telecommunications   services,   we  may  not   increase   revenues  or  achieve
profitability."

If we are unable to compete  successfully  in the markets for Internet  security
solutions  and  telecommunications  services,  we may not  increase  revenues or
achieve profitability.

The  markets  for  Internet  security  products  are  highly  competitive,   and
management  expects  competition  to  intensify  in  the  future.  Many  of  our
competitors have:

     --   longer operating and product installation histories;
     --   significantly  greater financial and technical,  marketing and product
          development resources;
     --   greater name recognition;
     --   greater  range of products and services,  particularly  in relation to
          our Internet security solutions business;
     --   a larger installed base of customers; and
     --   greater ability to cross-sell products and services.

Each of these factors  represents a significant  competitive  advantage over us.
Companies with greater resources have significant  competitive  advantages as to
pricing and the ability to offer  enhanced  products and  services.  Competitors
with greater  financial and other  resources to devote to research,  development
and marketing  are able to respond more quickly to new or emerging  technologies
and changes in customer requirements, including demand for products and services
incorporating the most current technology and value-added features. In addition,
there are few  substantial  barriers  to entry,  so that we  anticipate  growing
competition from new market entrants as well as existing competitors.

          Our competitors in the Internet security solutions business include:

     --   developers and  distributors  of firewall and virtual  private network
          ("VPN") software, such as Check Point Software Technologies;

     --   network equipment  manufacturers  such as Cisco Systems,  Inc., Lucent
          Technologies Inc., Nortel Networks Corporation,  Intel Corporation and
          Nokia Corporation;

     --   security  appliance  suppliers  such as  SonicWALL,  Inc.,  WatchGuard
          Technologies, Inc. and NetScreen Technologies;

     --   manufacturers of encryption  processing  equipment such as nCipher and
          Rainbow Technologies;

     --   computer and network component manufacturers; and

     --   low-cost  Internet  hardware  suppliers  whose  products   incorporate
          network security features

Our competitors in the markets for telecommunications services include:

     --   carriers such as MCI Worldcom, AT&T and Sprint.

If we are  unable to  compete  successfully  in  either  business  segment,  our
revenues may diminish and we may never achieve profitability.

Continuing  changes  in  technology  and  industry  standards  could  render our
Internet security solutions unmarketable or obsolete.

The  markets for our  Internet  security  solutions  change  rapidly  because of
technological  innovation,  changes in customer requirements,  declining prices,
and  evolving  industry  standards.  New products  and  technology  often render
existing technology products, services or infrastructure obsolete, too costly or
otherwise  unmarketable.  Our  success  depends  on  our  ability  to  introduce
innovations  in our products  and  services,  integrate  new  technologies  into
current  products,  and to develop new  products and  services,  all on a timely
basis.  We cannot assure you that we will be successful in doing so, or do so in
a  sufficiently  timely  manner  that we are able to  compete  successfully  for
customers and market share. In addition, if we fail to incorporate the features,

                                       16
<PAGE>

performance  criteria and security  standards in our products and services  that
our customers require,  market acceptance of our products may not materialize or
be significantly delayed and our revenues will fail to grow or decline.

Technological  advances  also  require  us,  on a  continuing  basis,  to commit
substantial  resources to acquiring and applying new technologies for use in the
products and services.  Product  development  for Internet  security  appliances
requires  substantial lead time for engineering and testing. If we do not commit
resources to developing and selling products  incorporating  new technologies at
the rate  demanded by our  markets,  our  products  and services may be rendered
obsolete, our revenues will suffer, and we may not achieve  profitability.  Even
if we do develop new or enhanced  products and  services,  we cannot  assure you
that they will  gain  acceptance  in the  marketplace.  Failure  of any of these
products and services  could  adversely  affect our revenues and prevent us from
achieving profitability.

Government  regulations affecting Internet security could have a negative effect
on our revenues.

Any  additional  government  regulation  of imports or exports  could  adversely
affect our  international  and  domestic  sales.  The United  States and various
foreign  governments  have imposed  controls,  export license  requirements  and
restrictions on the import or export of some technologies, especially encryption
technology.  From  time to  time,  government  agencies  have  proposed  further
regulation  of  encryption  technology.   Additional  regulation  of  encryption
technology  could add to the expense of product  development  and  enhancements.
Because foreign competitors are subject to less stringent controls on the export
of encryption technology,  they may have a competitive advantage over us in both
foreign and domestic Internet security markets.

Other Risks

Continued volatility in our stock price could adversely affect your investment.

The market  price of our common  stock,  like the price of shares of  technology
companies generally,  has been and may continue to be volatile.  From January 1,
2001 through  September 24, 2003,  the closing bid price of our common stock has
varied  from a high of $6.00  to a low of $.50 per  share,  as  reported  on the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market (the "SmallCap Market").  The closing price of our common
stock on September 24, 2003 was $2.43. If our future operating results are below
the  expectations  of stock market  analysts and investors,  our stock price may
decline.  Public announcement of our financial results and business developments
may have a  significant  impact on the  market  price of our common  stock.  For
example,  each  of the  following  could  have  the  effect  of  temporarily  or
permanently reducing the market price of our common stock:

     --   shortfalls in revenues or cash flows from operations;
     --   conversions of preferred stock into common stock;
     --   delays in  development or roll-out of any of our product and services;
          and
     --   announcements by one or more competitors of new product introductions,
          acquisitions or technological innovations.

In addition,  the stock market  experiences  extreme  fluctuations  in price and
volume that  particularly  affect the market  prices of shares of  emerging  and
technology  companies,  such as ours.  These price and volume  fluctuations  are
often unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected
companies.  Because of this volatility,  we may fail to meet the expectations of
our shareholders or of securities analysts, and our stock price could decline as
a result.  Declines in our stock price for any  reason,  as well as  broad-based
market  fluctuations or fluctuations  related to our financial  results or other
developments,  may adversely  affect your ability to sell your shares at a price
equal to or above the price at which you purchased them.  Decreases in the price
of our common stock may also lead to de-listing of our common stock.

If our common stock is de-listed from the SmallCap  Market,  our stock price may
decline, we may find it more difficult to raise additional capital,  and you may
have greater difficulty disposing of your shares.

In October 2002,  Nasdaq  informed us that we did not comply with its continuing
listing requirements of three independent directors and $2,500,000 in net worth.
Since then, we have appointed two additional independent directors, as required,
and have met this financial requirement.

                                       17
<PAGE>
In November 2002, Nasdaq informed us that our common stock would be de-listed if
we did not comply with Nasdaq's  minimum bid price  requirement by May 19, 2003.
In order to comply,  the closing  bid price of our common  stock had to equal or
exceed $1.00 per share for at least ten  consecutive  trading days prior to that
date. Since January 2003, the closing bid price of our common stock has exceeded
$1.00 per share for well in excess of ten  consecutive  trading days and we were
notified on May 5, 2003,  that we are in compliance  with  Nasdaq's  minimum bid
price  requirements.  Our stock price has been  volatile,  and may again fail to
meet Nasdaq's minimum bid price requirements.

If we do not comply with this requirement, Nasdaq will determine whether we meet
the initial listing  criteria for its SmallCap  Market.  These criteria  require
shareholders'  equity of $5 million  and $50  million in market  value of listed
securities  or  $750,000 in net income from  continuing  operations  in the most
recently  completed  fiscal  year  or in two of the  last  three  most  recently
completed fiscal years.

If our  stock is  delisted  from the  SmallCap  Market,  it will be  listed  for
quotation on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board or quoted in the "Pink Sheets."
In such event,  you may find it more difficult to obtain accurate  quotations of
the  market  value of our  common  stock and to  dispose of shares of our common
stock in the secondary market.  De-listing of our common stock could also impair
our future ability to raise capital for a significant period of time.

If our common stock is delisted from the SmallCap Market, it could be treated as
a "penny stock" and it would be more  difficult for  shareholders  to sell their
shares.

If our common  stock is  de-listed  from the  SmallCap  Market,  it could become
subject to the SEC's "penny  stock"  rules.  Penny stocks  generally  are equity
securities that are not registered on certain national  securities  exchanges or
quoted by Nasdaq and have a price per share of less than $5.00. Penny stocks are
subject  to  "penny  stock  rules"  that  impose   additional   sales   practice
requirements  on  broker-dealers  who sell the  stocks  to  persons  other  than
established  customers and accredited  investors.  For  transactions  covered by
these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for
the purchase of such  securities and obtain the  purchaser's  written consent to
the transaction prior to the sale. Prior to the sale,  broker-dealers  must also
deliver to the potential  purchaser a disclosure  schedule prescribed by the SEC
describing the penny stock market and disclose the  commissions  payable to both
the broker-dealer and the registered  representative  and current quotations for
the securities.  Finally,  broker-dealers  must deliver to penny stock investors
monthly statements  disclosing recent price information for penny stocks held in
the  account  and  information  on the  limited  market in penny  stocks.  These
additional  requirements may restrict the ability of  broker-dealers to sell our
common  stock and may make it more  difficult  for  investors  to dispose of our
common stock in the secondary market.

Future sales of a large number of shares of our common stock may cause our stock
price to decline.

At September 15, 2003,  15,867,571  shares of our common stock were  outstanding
and approximately  14,581,893 shares are issuable upon conversion of outstanding
preferred  stock.  Of these shares,  approximately  10,507,613 are  transferable
without  restriction  under the  Securities Act of 1933.  Another  approximately
16,884,585 shares are eligible for resale subject to the restrictions on volume,
manner of sale and other conditions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act. A total of approximately  14,581,893  shares,  including some of the shares
eligible  for resale  under Rule 144,  are subject to  registration  pursuant to
currently exercisable  registration rights.  Approximately 13,000,000 shares are
issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants. Sales of large
amounts of these shares in the public  market could  depress the market price of
the common stock and impair our ability to raise  capital  through  offerings of
our equity securities.  Resale of shares of common stock that may be received by
holders of outstanding  options and warrants or convertible  preferred stock may
also dilute  substantially  the net tangible book value of your shares of common
stock.

The absence of Arthur Andersen's consent to the use of its opinion may limit the
remedies available to purchasers of common stock.

Our inability to obtain Arthur Andersen's  consent to the use of its opinion for
our financial  statements  for the 2001 year and the absence of a signed opinion
may  limit the  remedies  available  to you since  your  claims  against  Arthur

                                    18
<PAGE>
Andersen LLP under the Securities Act based on these financial statements may be
limited.  Moreover,  even if claims against  Arthur  Andersen LLP are permitted,
Arthur  Andersen  LLP may not  have  the  financial  resources  to  satisfy  any
judgment.  In  addition,  notwithstanding  that we have not  filed  the  written
consent of Arthur Andersen, LLP, our directors and officers may still be able to
establish  a due  diligence  defense to any claim  relating  to those  financial
statements on the basis that they were made on the authority of our expert which
could limit your ability to assess a claim against them.

Provisions of New York law, our  certificate of  incorporation  and bylaws,  and
employment  agreements with management may deter or prevent a takeover,  even in
situations where you could sell your shares at a premium over the market price.

Some  provisions of New York law, our certificate of  incorporation  and bylaws,
and  employment  agreements  with  certain  executive  officers  may  discourage
attempts  to  acquire  control  of us  through a merger,  tender  offer or proxy
contest  targeting us,  including  transactions in which  shareholders  might be
offered a premium for their shares. These provisions may limit your ability as a
shareholder  to approve a  transaction  that you may  believe to be in your best
interest. These provisions include:

     --   Classified  Board  of  Directors.  Our  certificate  of  incorporation
          provides for a board which is divided into three classes so not all of
          the  directors  are subject to election at the same time. As a result,
          someone  who  wishes to take  control  of our  company  by  electing a
          majority of the board of directors must do so over a two-year period.

     --   Employment Contracts. The employment agreements between us and each of
          Walter M. Groteke,  Walter R. Groteke and Peter C. Castle provide that
          in the event there is a change in control of  NetWolves,  the employee
          has the  option  to  terminate  his  employment  agreement.  Upon such
          termination, each employee has the right to receive a lump sum payment
          equal to his compensation,  including any incentive  payment,  for the
          remainder of the term of his contract and the immediate vesting of all
          unvested options. Change of control for this purpose is defined as the
          acquisition  of 30% or more of our voting power or  consummation  of a
          merger, consolidation,  reorganization or sale of all or substantially
          all of our assets without board approval;  or the change in a majority
          of our directors without approval by the incumbent board.  Termination
          for  change of  control  under  these  agreements  will  result in the
          acceleration  of  compensation   payments  through  the  term  of  the
          agreements and the immediate vesting of all unvested options.

     --   New  York  anti-takeover  statute.  New York  law  restricts  business
          combinations  with shareholders who acquire 15% or more of a company's
          common stock without the consent of our board of directors.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     The Company  currently  maintains leased facilities in the locations listed
below.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          Current
                                                                                                          annual
                                                                        Square          Term of            lease
         Function                           Location                     Feet            Lease             costs
------------------------       --------------------------------      ------------   ---------------  -----------------
<S>                                    <C>                               <C>            <C>          <C>
NetWolves Corporation -                4002 Eisenhower Blvd.             20,520         12/20/05     $       467,000
Corporate Headquarters                 Tampa, FL 33634

ComputerCOP Corp. -                    One Corporate Drive                4,318         06/30/05     $       102,000
Corporate Headquarters                 Bohemia, NY 11716

Norstan Network Services,              5101 Shady Oak Road                6,700         Month to     $        92,000
Inc. - Corporate                       Minnetonka, MN 55343                             month
Headquarters
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>

The  Company  believes  that its  present  facilities  are  adequate to meet its
current business requirements and that suitable facilities for expansion will be
available,  if necessary, to accommodate further physical expansion of corporate
operations and for additional sales and support offices.




ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
None


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     A.   We held our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 9, 2003.

     B.   One director  was elected at the Annual  Meeting to serve in Class III
          until the Annual  Meeting of  Shareholders  in 2005.  The name of this
          director and votes cast in favor of his  election and shares  withheld
          are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Name                     Votes For               Votes Withheld
        ---------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>                     <C>                          <C>
        Carlos Campbell         10,290,483                   34,460
</TABLE>

     The other  directors  are  Walter M.  Groteke,  Walter R.  Groteke,  Fassil
     Gabremariam and Myron Levy.

     C.   In addition to the election of directors,  the  shareholders  approved
          proposals to:

          (i)  ratify and  approve a 2003  Stock  Option/Stock  Issuance  Plan -
               3,774,409  shares were voted in favor of this  proposal,  173,485
               shares against and 31,250 abstained; and

          (ii) ratify the appointment by the board of directors of Ernst & Young
               LLP, as the Company's  independent  certified public  accountants
               for the year ending June 30, 2003 - 10,251,020  shares were voted
               in  favor  of  this  proposal,  45,848  shares  against  and  850
               abstained.


                                       20
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Our common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq  SmallCap Market under the symbol
"WOLV."  since April 2000.  The  following  table sets forth,  for the  calendar
periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices for the common stock as
reported by the Nasdaq SmallCap Market for the fiscal quarters indicated:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Fiscal 2003                     Fiscal 2002
                                           -----------                     -----------
         Quarter                        High            Low             High            Low
                                  --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
         <S>                      <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
         First                    $         1.650 $         1.100 $         3.800 $         1.890
         Second                             1.100           0.500           4.050           2.190
         Third                              1.500           0.900           4.150           2.000
         Fourth                             1.650           1.050           2.450           1.120
</TABLE>

As of September 24, 2003, there were  approximately 152 holders of record of the
common stock. On September 24, 2003, the closing sales price of NetWolves common
stock was $2.43 per share.

NetWolves  has not paid any cash  dividends  on its  Common  Stock  and does not
presently  intend to do so.  Future  dividend  policy will be  determined by its
Board of Directors on the basis of NetWolves'  earnings,  capital  requirements,
financial condition and other factors deemed relevant.

The transfer  agent and registrar of NetWolves'  Common Stock is American  Stock
Transfer and Trust Co., 40 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005.

Recent  Sales  of  Unregistered   Securities  The  Company  sold  the  following
unregistered  restricted  securities  in reliance on the  exemption  provided by
Section  4(2)  and  Regulation  D of  the  Securities  Act as  transactions  not
involving public offerings.

From July to September  2002,  approximately  30 accredited  investors  acquired
269,462  shares  of the  Company's  Series A  Preferred  Stock  for  total  cash
consideration of $4,041,972.

From  December to March 2003,  approximately  60 accredited  investors  acquired
290,663  shares of the  Company's  Series B  Preferred  Stock  for a total  cash
consideration of $4,650,500.

From July to September  2003,  approximately  80 accredited  investors  acquired
approximately  75,000 shares of the Company's Series C Preferred Stock for total
cash consideration of approximately $4,500,000.

ITEM 6.         SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The  following  consolidated  financial  data set forth below  should be read in
conjunction with  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition
and Results of Operations" and our consolidated  financial  statements and notes
thereto.  The selected  consolidated  statement of operations data for the years
ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 and the selected  consolidated  balance sheet
data as of June 30,  2003  and  2002 are  derived  from,  and are  qualified  by
reference to, the audited  consolidated  financial statements included elsewhere
in this annual  report on Form 10-K.  The selected  consolidated  statements  of
operations  data for the years  ended  June 30,  2000 and 1999 and the  selected


                                    21
<PAGE>
consolidated  balance sheet data as of June 30, 2001,  2000 and 1999 are derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this
annual  report on Form 10-K.  The  historical  results  presented  below are not
necessarily indicative of future results.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Year ended June 30,
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2003             2002            2001             2000            1999
                                           ---------------  --------------  ---------------  ---------------  ---------------
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
Consolidated Statements of Operations
  Data:
     Revenue                               $    21,159,459  $      738,748  $    1,425,138   $     1,423,690  $     1,789,144
     Cost of revenue                            14,036,044         757,697       1,345,120           959,039          582,724
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
     Gross profit                                7,123,415         (18,949)         80,018           464,651        1,206,420

     Operating expenses                         13,695,570      10,647,123      15,982,067        24,281,166        8,666,381
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
     Loss before other income (expense)
         and income taxes                       (6,572,155)    (10,666,072)    (15,902,049)      (23,816,515)      (7,459,961)

     Investment expense, net                       189,634          79,576         650,003           611,746           58,884
     Gain on extinguishment of debt               (716,014)          -               -                 -                -
     Other expense (income)                        118,402           9,160          (3,545)           68,012          478,063
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
     Loss before income taxes                   (6,164,177)    (10,577,336)    (15,255,591)      (23,136,757)      (6,923,014)
     (Provision for) benefit from income
         taxes                                     129,300           -               -               (25,000)           -
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
Net loss from continuing operations             (6,293,477)    (10,577,336)    (15,255,591)      (23,161,757)      (6,923,014)

Discontinued business
     Loss from discontinued operations               -               -          (4,725,901)       (1,165,191)           -
     Loss on disposal of discontinued
         operations                               (117,097)     (1,053,274)       (650,000)            -                -
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
Net loss                                   $    (6,410,574) $  (11,630,610) $  (20,631,492)  $   (24,326,948) $    (6,923,014)
                                           ================ =============== ===============  ================ ================
Basic and diluted net loss per share
    Beneficial conversion on preferred
         stock                                    (138,882)          -               -                 -              -
    Dividends on preferred stock                  (453,179)          -               -                 -              -
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
Net loss from continuing operations        $    (7,002,635) $  (11,630,610) $  (20,631,492)  $   (24,326,948) $    (6,923,014)
                                           ================ =============== ===============  ================ ================
Basic and diluted net loss per share
    Loss from continuing operations        $          (.53) $        (0.90  $        (1.74)  $         (3.29) $         (1.48)
    Loss from discontinued operations                 (.01)          (0.09)           (.61)             (.17)         -
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
                                           $          (.54) $        (0.99  $        (2.35)  $         (3.46) $         (1.48)
                                           ================ =============== ===============  ================ ================
     Weighted average common shares
     Outstanding, basic and diluted             12,929,559      11,756,220       8,776,928         7,034,994        4,691,651
                                           ================ =============== ===============  ================ ================
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               June 30,
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2003             2002            2001             2000            1999
                                           ---------------  --------------  --------------   ---------------  ---------------
<S>                                        <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
    Cash and cash equivalents              $     1,336,191  $      656,880  $     4,087,767  $    20,204,309  $     5,585,981
    Marketable securities, available for
       sale                                           -             82,250           71,000           99,500          606,000
    Working capital                             (1,256,993)      1,110,257        3,794,438       19,459,099        5,799,246
    Total assets                                11,328,337       3,224,454        6,860,444       25,543,130       12,811,934
    Long-term debt, net of current
       maturities                                     -               -              80,000          418,102          266,537
    Minority interest                              275,734         272,533          281,693          305,761          704,500
    Total shareholders' equity                   5,457,201       1,493,868        4,662,230       22,807,629       11,099,802
</TABLE>
                                       22
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

Forward-looking Statements

Certain  statements in this  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition  and Results of  Operations"  are forward  looking  statements.  These
statements  relate to future  events or our  future  financial  performance  and
involve known and unknown risks,  uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our or our  industry's  actual  results,  levels  of  activity,  performance  or
achievements  to be  materially  different  from any future  results,  levels of
activity,   performance   or   achievements   expressed   or   implied   by  the
forward-looking  statements.  In some cases,  you can  identify  forward-looking
statements by terminology such as "may", "will", "should",  "expects",  "plans",
"anticipates",  "believes", "estimates",  "predicts", "potential", "continue" or
the negative of these terms or other  comparable  terminology.  These statements
are only  predictions.  Actual  events or  results  may  differ  materially.  In
evaluating these statements,  you should specifically  consider various factors,
including the risks  included in this annual report on Form 10-K.  These factors
may cause our actual  results to differ  materially  from any  forward-  looking
statement.

Overview

We operate  primarily in three  distinct  segments.  The first is the technology
segment,  consisting of NetWolves  Technologies Corp. (NWT), which is engaged in
network   and   security    infrastructure.    The   second   segment   is   the
telecommunications segment, consisting of Norstan Network Services, Inc. (NNSI),
a managed communication  services provider.  The third segment is the management
and consulting  segment in the automotive  industry through our subsidiary,  TSG
Global Web, Inc.  Because its  operations  will not be material to us on a going
forward basis, we are not providing any additional business  information on this
segment.

We have  achieved an offering of managed  products  and  services  that meet the
necessary  requirements for  organizations to move off of expensive private data
networks  while  attaining the benefits and  flexibility of public data network.
Additionally,  our  proprietary  technology  provides a high  level of  security
through its integrated approach to management,  monitoring and  interoperability
for small and medium remote enterprise  locations  (locations with less than 300
network  users).  We offer  products and services that provide  complete  system
solutions to  organizations  needing cost effective  network  security  features
(firewall,  virtual private networking,  routing,  intrusion detection,  content
filtering,   email,   etc.)  delivered  on  low  cost  commodity  hardware  with
Internet-based  expansion  capabilities.  Our patent pending  system  technology
enables  organizations  to achieve  corporate  Information  Technology  (IT) and
e-business  initiatives  through the deployment of easily installable  perimeter
office security platforms,  coupled with secure remote monitoring and management
("SRM2 TM") system.  SRM2 TM provides  centralized  management  capabilities for
hundreds or thousands of remote locations without risking  networking  integrity
by opening an  administrative  port on the remote device through which outsiders
can gain access to  information on the system.  We also provide  cost-effective,
value-added expansion  technologies such as intelligent  fail-over,  which means
that if one circuit for gaining  access to information  fails,  the system would
automatically switch to an alternative circuit.

Acquisition of Norstan Network Services, Inc.

On July 9, 2002, the Company  acquired all of the  outstanding  capital stock of
Norstan  Network  Services,   Inc.   ("NNSI").   Consideration  was  $7,500,000,
$3,750,000 of which was paid in cash on or prior to closing and $3,750,000  that
was payable under the term of a non-interest bearing promissory note due July 9,
2003. Subsequently,  the Company negotiated an early payoff of the note for $2.9

                                       23
<PAGE>
million  in cash and  issued  300,000  shares  of its  common  stock.  This note
repayment and share issuance resulted in recognition of a gain on extinguishment
of debt, which is reflected in the accompanying  condensed  consolidated balance
statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

NNSI  provides  multiple  source data and voice  services to  approximately  400
customers  throughout the United States.  NNSI's products include voice services
consisting  of switched and dedicated  inbound/outbound  long  distance,  travel
cards, conference calling and local services, and data services consisting of IP
dedicated  and dial up  services,  broadband  services,  frame relay and private
line.

NNSI's selling  methodology  includes  completing a thorough needs assessment to
understand the current infrastructure and future requirements of the prospective
customer.  Upon completion of the assessment,  NNSI designs a custom, unique and
flexible solution utilizing  multi-carrier  alternatives under one contract, one
invoice  and  support   structure.   Its  account  teams,   strategic   industry
relationships  and  consolidated  information and billing platform allow NNSI to
deliver a single  source  solution  utilizing  the best of what is  available to
solve the customer's communication and network needs.

As a result of the  acquisition,  the Company  expects to increase  its security
solution  revenues within its Technology  segment by leveraging  NNSI's existing
customer base. In addition,  the Company expects the acquisition  will enable it
to expand the range of services it can offer its  existing  customers as well as
future customers.

Agreement with General Electric

On September  26, 2002,  the Company  entered into a three year  agreement  with
General Electric  Consumer  Finance,  the consumer  financing arm of the General
Electric  Company.  The agreement covers the use of the Company's  technology by
General Electric Consumer Finance in all of its offices worldwide,  encompassing
36 countries. The first rollouts of our products have been completed in Germany,
are underway in Japan and are being scheduled for Australia.


Results of Operations

The  Company  currently  operates in three  business  segments,  the  technology
segment ("Technology"),  the telecommunications  segment  ("Telecommunications")
and the management and consulting segment ("Management and Consulting").  During
June 2001, the Company  formally  adopted a plan to discontinue  its ComputerCOP
software operations, eliminating the computer software segment. Effective August
31, 2002,  the Company  ceased all  operations of  ComputerCOP,  terminated  all
remaining  employees  of  ComputerCOP  and  subleased  a  majority  of the space
previously occupied by ComputerCOP.

The year ended June 30, 2003 ("Fiscal 2003") compared to the year ended June 30,
2002 ("Fiscal 2002") is as follows:

Revenue

Revenue from continuing  operations increased to $21,159,459 in Fiscal 2003 from
$738,748 in Fiscal 2002. The increase in revenue was primarily the result of the
inclusion of the results of Norstan Network Services,  Inc.,  commencing July 9,
2002,  which  resulted  in  revenue  from  the  Telecommunications   segment  of
$20,349,748.   Revenues  from  the  Company's   Technology  and  Management  and
Consulting  segments did not  experience  significant  change for the year ended
June 30, 2003 compared to the year ended June 30, 2002.


Cost of revenue and gross profit

Cost of revenue in connection with the Telecommunications segment includes costs
of  multiple  source  data and  voice  service  providers.  Cost of  revenue  in
connection with the Technology segment include costs associated with the sale of

                                       24
<PAGE>

the  Company's  Internet  products  and  services  and  include   manufacturing,
packaging and shipping costs,  amortization of capitalized  software costs,  and
warranty  expenses.  Cost of  revenue  in  connection  with the  Management  and
Consulting  segment  include  direct  expenses  of  consultants  utilized in the
generation of management and consulting  revenue and software  licensing  costs.
Cost of revenue  increased to $14,036,044 for Fiscal 2003,  compared to $700,398
for Fiscal 2002. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily the result of the
inclusion of the results of Norstan Network Services,  Inc.,  commencing July 9,
2002, which resulted in cost of revenue from the  Telecommunications  segment of
$13,506,072. Cost of revenue within the Technology segment decreased to $279,611
in Fiscal 2003 compared to $425,223 Fiscal 2002. This decrease was primarily the
result of a  writedown  of  inventory  due to  obsolescence  in  Fiscal  2002 of
$193,000. Cost of revenue within the Management and Consulting segment decreased
to $250,361  compared to $275,175 for Fiscal 2002.  This decrease was the result
of the consolidation of consulting services.

Overall  gross  profit was at 34% for Fiscal  2003,  compared to (3)% for Fiscal
2002.  The increase in gross profit was primarily the result of the inclusion of
the results of Norstan Network  Services,  Inc.,  commencing July 9, 2002, which
resulted in gross profit from the Telecommunications segment of 34%.

General and administrative

General and  administrative  expenses consist  primarily of salaries and related
expenses for  executive,  finance,  facilities  and human  resources  personnel,
recruiting  expenses and professional fees. General and administrative  expenses
increased to  $8,847,462  in Fiscal 2003  compared to $6,442,954 in Fiscal 2002.
The increase was primarily the result of the inclusion of the results of Norstan
Network Services,  Inc.,  totaling  $2,846,529 for the period commencing July 9,
2002  through  June 30,  2003  and a net  increase  in  equity  compensation  of
consultants  and  executive  management  of  approximately  $727,000.  This  was
partially  offset by a reduction of costs  related to a  settlement  expense and
staff reductions of approximately $487,500 and $325,000  respectively,  compared
to the prior period.  Included in general and administrative  expense for fiscal
2003  and  2002  was  non-cash  compensation  of  approximately  $2,115,000  and
$1,388,000 Respectively.  We expect general and administrative costs to increase
in absolute dollars in the future.


Engineering and development

Engineering and development  expenses,  which are expensed as incurred,  consist
primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel  utilized in designing,
maintaining  and enhancing our products as well as material costs for test units
and prototypes.  Costs associated with the development of software  products are
generally capitalized once technological feasibility is reached. Engineering and
development  expenses  decreased to $1,595,882 in Fiscal 2003 from $1,703,376 in
Fiscal 2002. The decrease in engineering and development costs was primarily the
result of a limited  reduction of engineering and development  personnel,  which
resulted in reduced  salary of $207,105 in Fiscal 2003  compared to Fiscal 2002.
This was partially offset by Company having no capitalized  software development
costs in Fiscal 2003 compared to  approximately  $73,000  during Fiscal 2002. We
expect to incur  engineering and development  costs in the future as we continue
to  maintain  our  existing  product  line as well as develop new  products  and
features,  as  evidenced  by the  development  of our  intelligent  Failover and
continued development of our SRM2 TM technology.


Sales and marketing

Sales and marketing  expenses  consist  primarily of salaries,  commissions  and
related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing,  sales and customer support
functions, as well as costs associated with trade shows, promotional activities,
advertising  and public  relations.  Sales and marketing  expenses  increased to
$3,252,226 in Fiscal 2003 from  $2,500,793 in Fiscal 2002. The increase in sales
and marketing  expenses was primarily the result of the inclusion of the results
of Norstan Network Services, Inc., totaling $1,899,236 for the period commencing
July 9, 2002 through June 30, 2003. This was partially  offset by a reduction in
the  number  of  sales  personnel  and  associated  salaries  in  the  Company's
Technology  segment  totaling  $835,731.  Additionally,  the  Company  has  been
changing  its  marketing  efforts to focus  primarily on direct sales to Fortune
1000  customers.  The Company  intends to continue to  aggressively  promote its
current and future products and, therefore, expects sales and marketing costs to
increase in absolute dollars in the future.

                                       25

<PAGE>
Other income (expenses)

Other  income  (expenses)  consists  primarily  of realized  gains and losses on
marketable  securities,  interest  expense and investment  portfolio  income and
increased  to $407,978 in Fiscal 2003,  compared to $88,736 in Fiscal 2002.  The
increase  was  primarily  due to an  increase  in  interest  expense on the note
payable  to  Norstan,  Inc.  of  $184,378  and a loss on the sale of  marketable
securities  of $115,201  offset by a gain on  extinguishment  of debt within the
Management and Consulting segment of $296,786 and the Telecommunications segment
of $419,228.

The year ended June 30, 2002 ("Fiscal 2002") compared to the year ended June 30,
2001 ("Fiscal 2001") is as follows:

Revenue

Revenue  from  continuing  operations  decreased to $738,748 in Fiscal 2002 from
$1,425,138  in Fiscal 2001.  The decrease was primarily the result of a decrease
in revenue from the Management and Consulting segment of approximately  $552,000
due to the  termination  of a contract with BP Amoco in December  2000.  Service
revenue from the TSG  subsidiary has been  substantially  reduced as a result of
the reduction in its operations  and the recently  settled  dispute  between the
parties.  The decrease in sales of the Company's  Internet products and services
(Technology  segment) was  primarily  due to reduced  shipments to the Company's
major customer resulting in decreased revenues of approximately  $42,000.  Sales
to this major  customer  were  delayed  largely as a result of  requests by this
customer that the Company develop and add new Failover technology to be utilized
in future large-scale deployments.  The Company believes this additional feature
will result in substantial  additional benefits,  since the feature added to its
core products should assist the Company in  facilitating  sales to other Fortune
1000 companies. The Company intends to generate continuing revenue from the sale
of its Internet products and services in the coming year,  including  continuing
revenue from this customer,  including  sales under its September 2002 agreement
with General Electric Consumer Finance.

Revenue from discontinued  operations increased to $220,267 compared to $102,525
in the prior year.  The increase was due to an increased  effort to sell as much
product as possible preceding the discontinuance of operations.

Cost of revenue and gross profit

Cost of revenue for sale of the Company's Internet products and services include
manufacturing costs, which to date have been outsourced,  packaging and shipping
costs and warranty  expenses.  Cost of revenue in connection with management and
consulting  services  include  direct  expenses  of  employees  and  consultants
utilized in the generation of management and consulting revenue. Cost of revenue
from continuing  operations decreased to $757,697 for Fiscal 2002 as compared to
$1,345,120  for Fiscal  2001.  The  decrease in the  Management  and  Consulting
segment of  approximately  $491,000 was  primarily due to the  termination  of a
contract with BP Amoco in December 2000.

Overall  gross profit  percentage  from  continuing  operations  was at (3)% for
Fiscal 2002 as compared to 6% for Fiscal 2001.  Negative  gross profit  resulted
from a writedown of inventory  approximating $193,000 in the technology segment,
caused by the substantial  upgrades and improvements  made by the Company to its
core  products  by  discontinuing  its  FoxBox  line  of 4U  products  with  the
introduction of its WolfPac  Security  Platform 2U product line as compared to a
writedown of $243,000 in the prior  period.  The gross profit  percentage in the
Management and  Consulting  segment  remained  constant and the Company does not
anticipate a significant change in such percentage in the near future.

Cost of revenue from  discontinued  operations  increased to $37,970 compared to
$8,356 in Fiscal 2001.  The increase is consistent  with an increase in sales of
ComputerCOP software during the year end June 30, 2002.

General and administrative

General and  administrative  expenses consist  primarily of salaries and related
expenses for  executive,  finance,  facilities  and human  resources  personnel,
recruiting  expenses and professional fees. General and administrative  expenses
from  continuing  operations  decreased to $6,442,954 in Fiscal 2002 compared to
$7,714,047  in Fiscal 2001.  The decrease  was  primarily  due to a reduction in
equity compensation given to various financial consultants and staff reductions.
We expect general and  administrative  costs to increase in absolute  dollars in
the future.

General and administrative  expenses from discontinued  operations  decreased to
$671,540 in Fiscal 2002 compared to $1,551,384 in Fiscal 2001.  The decrease was
primarily due to no amortization  expense on the acquired  ComputerCOP  software
technology  in the current year and a reduction of  administrative  personnel in
accordance with the cessation of operations.

Engineering and development

Engineering and development  expenses,  which are expensed as incurred,  consist
primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel  utilized in designing,
maintaining  and enhancing our products as well as material costs for test units
and prototypes.  Costs associated with the development of software  products are
generally capitalized once technological feasibility is reached. Engineering and
development  expenses  from  continuing  operations  decreased to  $1,703,376 in
                                       26
<PAGE>

Fiscal 2002 from  $1,893,372  in Fiscal 2001.  The decrease in was primarily the
result of the Company capitalizing approximately $73,000 in software development
costs during Fiscal 2002 as compared to approximately $116,000 in Fiscal 2001 in
the Technology  segment. We expect to incur engineering and development costs in
the future as we continue  to  maintain  our  existing  product  line as well as
develop new  products and  features,  as  evidenced  by the  development  of our
intelligent Failover and continued development of our SRM2 TM technology.

Engineering and development  expenses from discontinued  operations decreased to
$83,007 in Fiscal 2002  compared to $478,068 in Fiscal  2001.  The  decrease was
primarily  due a reduction  of  engineering  personnel  in  accordance  with the
cessation of operations.

Sales and marketing

Sales and marketing  expenses  consist  primarily of salaries,  commissions  and
related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing,  sales and customer support
functions, as well as costs associated with trade shows, promotional activities,
advertising and public relations.  Sales and marketing  expenses from continuing
operations  decreased to  $2,500,793  in Fiscal 2002 from  $4,958,719  in Fiscal
2001.  The  decrease  in sales  and  marketing  expenses  was  primarily  in the
Technology  segment  and was the  result of a  reduction  in the number of sales
personnel,  totaling  approximately $673,000 and a decrease in marketing efforts
of approximately  $1,499,000, to focus primarily on direct sales to Fortune 1000
customers.  Sales  and  marketing  expense  from the  Company's  Management  and
Consulting segment did not experience significant change for the year ended June
30,  2002  compared  to the year  ended  June 30,  2001.The  Company  intends to
continue to aggressively promote its current and future products and, therefore,
expects sales and marketing costs to increase in absolute dollars in the future.

Sales and marketing expenses from discontinued  operations decreased to $381,024
in Fiscal 2002  compared to $681,636 in Fiscal 2001.  The decrease was primarily
due a reduction in the number of sales and  marketing  personnel  in  accordance
with the cessation of operations.

Impairment charges

There were no  impairment  charges  from  continuing  operations  in Fiscal 2002
compared to $1,415,929 in Fiscal 2001. In June 2001, the Company determined that
the  remaining  unamortized  value of a warrant  previously  issued to Comdisco,
Inc.,  was  impaired  and,  accordingly,  recorded  a charge  to  operations  of
approximately $1,245,000 during fiscal 2001.

Impairment charges from discontinued  operations decreased to $100,000 in Fiscal
2002 compared to  $2,108,982  in Fiscal 2001. On December 31, 2000,  the Company
recorded a writedown of its ComputerCOP  technology in the amount of $2,000,000,
reducing  the  carrying  value of the asset to $202,395 at  December  31,  2000.
Additionally,  in June 2001 the Company  recorded an impairment of the remaining
carrying value of the ComputerCOP  technology  totaling $108,982.  The asset was
determined to be impaired because of the inability of the software technology to
generate future operating  income without  substantial  sales volume  increases,
which are uncertain. Fair value was based on discounted future cash flows.

                                       27
<PAGE>

Other income (expenses)

Other  income  (expenses)  from  continuing  operations  consists  primarily  of
investment  portfolio  income  which  decreased  to $88,736 in Fiscal  2002 from
$646,458 in Fiscal  2001.  The  decrease  was  primarily  due to a reduction  in
interest  income due to a  decrease  in the  average  cash  balances  during the
current year.

Quarterly Results

The following table presents certain  unaudited  quarterly  results for the last
eight quarters:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Three months ended
                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Sep 30,      Dec 31,       Mar 31,      Jun 30,         Sep 30,      Dec 31,        Mar 31,      Jun 30,
                          2001         2001          2002         2002            2002         2002           2003         2003
                       ----------   ----------    ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------   ----------
<S>                   <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>          <C>
Revenue               $   187,425 $    188,234  $    183,556  $    179,533   $  4,824,750   $ 5,260,237    $5,510,443   $5,564,029
Cost of revenue           158,018      137,481       125,260       279,639      3,215,665     3,514,786     3,625,610    3,679,983
                      ----------- ------------  ------------  ------------   ------------   -----------    ----------   ----------
Gross profit (1)           29,407       50,753        58,296      (100,106)     1,609,085     1,745,451     1,884,833    1,884,046
Operating expenses      3,155,942    2,430,376     2,689,172     2,428,932      2,839,598     3,123,646     2,747,237    4,985,089
Other income
 (expense), net            44,896       19,289        12,741        11,810      (175,194)       (61,674)      630,342     (114,796)
                      ----------- ------------  ------------  ------------   ------------   -----------    ----------   ----------
   operations          (3,081,639)  (2,360,334)   (2,618,135)   (2,517,228)    (1,405,707)   (1,439,869)     (232,062)  (3,215,839)
Loss on disposal of
   discontinued
   operations                   -     (470,000)     (265,534)     (317,740)      (117,097)            -             -            -
                      ----------- ------------  ------------  ------------   ------------   -----------    ----------   ----------
Net loss(2)           $(3,081,639) $(2,830,334)  $(2,883,669)  $(2,834,968)   $(1,522,804)  $(1,439,869)   $ (232,062) $(3,215,839)
                      =========== ============  ============  ============   ============   ===========    ==========   ==========
Basic and diluted
   loss per share:
Net loss              $(3,081,639) $(2,830,334)  $(2,883,669)  $(2,834,968)   $(1,522,804)  $(1,439,869)    $(232,062) $(3,215,839)
Beneficial conversion
   on preferred stock           -            -             -             -              -       (35,379)     (103,293)        (210)
Dividends on
   preferred stock              -            -             -             -        (57,133)      (85,689)     (134,858)    (175,499)
Net loss available to ----------- ------------  ------------  ------------   ------------   -----------    ----------  -----------
   common shareholders$(3,081,639) $(2,830,334)  $(2,883,669)  $(2,834,968)   $(1,579,937)  $(1,560,937)    $(470,213) $(3,391,548)
Loss from continuing  =========== ============  ============  ============   ============   ============   ==========  ===========
   operations          $     (.30)   $    (.20)    $    (.21)    $    (.20)     $    (.12)    $    (.12)    $    (.04)   $    (.25)
Loss from             =========== ============  ============  ============   ============   ============   ==========  ===========
   discontinued
   operations          $        -   $     (.04)    $    (.02)    $    (.03)     $    (.01)    $       -     $       -   $        -
Weighted average      =========== ============  ============  ============   ============   ============   ==========  ===========
   common shares
   outstanding, basic
   and diluted         10,439,135   11,520,765    12,490,132    12,599,976     12,607,119    12,607,119    12,662,202   13,446,838
</TABLE>
(1)  Negative  gross profit for the quarter  June 30, 2002 is  primarily  due to
     writedowns of inventory due to obsolescence in such quarter.
(2)  Net loss for the quarter March 31, 2003  includes a gain on  extinguishment
     of debt of $716,014  relating to the promissory  note due to Norstan,  Inc.
     for the acquisition of NNSI and the notes payable to Duffy-Vinet Institute,
     Inc., which were assumed by TSG in connection with its acquisition of Sales
     and Management Consulting, Inc.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The year ended June 30, 2003 ("Fiscal 2003") compared to the year ended June 30,
2002 ("Fiscal 2002") is as follows:

Our operating  activities  used cash of $1.2 million  during the year ended June
30, 2003, as compared to $8.5 million  during the prior year.  Cash used for the
year  ended  June 30,  2003  was  primarily  attributable  to a net loss of $6.4
million,  partially offset by non-cash expenses including equity compensation of
$2.2  million.  Cash  used  for the year  ended  June  30,  2002  was  primarily
attributable  to a net loss of  $11.6  million,  partially  offset  by  non-cash
expenses including equity compensation of $2.3 million.

Our investing  activities  used cash of $3.5 million  during the year ended June
30, 2003, as compared to using cash of $.9 million  during the prior year.  Cash
used in  investing  activities  for the year ended June 30,  2003 was  primarily
attributable to a payment of $3.4 million,  exclusive of acquisition  costs paid
of $.1 million, to acquire NNSI. Cash used in investing  activities for the year

                                       28
<PAGE>
ended June 30, 2002 was  primarily  attributable  to a finders fee and  purchase
deposit of $.35 million and $.4 million,  respectively,  related to the purchase
of NNSI.

Our financing  activities  provided  cash of $5.4 million  during the year ended
June 30, 2003,  as compared to providing  cash of $6.0 million  during the prior
year. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2003 was
primarily  attributable to the private sale of the Company's preferred stock and
warrants  aggregating  $8.9  million,  exclusive  of  $.8m of  financing  costs,
partially offset by the repayment of the note payable to Norstan,  Inc. totaling
$2.9 million.  Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30,
2002 was  primarily  attributable  to the private sale of the  Company's  common
stock for $6.3 million, exclusive of financing costs paid of $.3 million.

The year ended June 30, 2002 ("Fiscal 2002") compared to the year ended June 30,
2001 ("Fiscal 2001") is as follows:

Our operating  activities  used cash of $8.5 million  during the year ended June
30, 2002, as compared to $13.7 million during the prior year.  Cash used for the
year  ended  June 30,  2002 was  primarily  attributable  to a net loss of $11.6
million,  partially offset by non-cash expenses including equity compensation of
$2.3  million.  Cash  used  for the year  ended  June  30,  2001  was  primarily
attributable  to a net loss of $20.6 million and a decrease in accounts  payable
and  accrued  expenses of $.9  million,  partially  offset by non-cash  expenses
including amortization, equity compensation and an impairment provision totaling
$1.2  million,  $2.0  million  and  $3.5  million,  respectively.  Cash  used in
operating activities included above relating to discontinued  operations totaled
$1.0 and $1.5 million for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

Our investing activities used cash of $.9 million during the year ended June 30,
2002, as compared to using cash of $1.1 million during the prior year. Cash used
in  investing  activities  for the  year  ended  June  30,  2002  was  primarily
attributable  to a finders  fee and  purchase  deposit of $.35  million  and $.4
million,  respectively,  related to the purchase of NNSI. Cash used in investing
activities  for the year ended June 30, 2001 was primarily  attributable  to the
Company's  purchases of property and equipment totaling $.7 million.  There were
no cash flows from investing  activities related to discontinued  operations for
the year ended June 30, 2002. Cash used in investing  activities  included above
relating to discontinued  operations totaled $.1 million for the year ended June
30, 2001.

Our financing  activities  provided  cash of $6.0 million  during the year ended
June 30, 2002, as compared to using cash of $1.0 million  during the prior year.
Cash  provided  by  financing  activities  for the year ended June 30,  2002 was
primarily  attributable  to the private sale of the  Company's  common stock for
$6.3  million,  exclusive of financing  costs paid of $.3 million.  Cash used in
financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2001 was primarily attributable
to the  Company's  repurchases  of warrants  relating  to the Anicom  settlement
totaling $.7 million. There were no cash flows from financing activities related
to discontinued operations for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001.

Post June 30, 2003 transactions

Through  September  25,  2003,  the  Company  has  issued  approximately  75,000
additional  shares of its Series C Preferred Stock for total cash  consideration
of approximately  $4,500,000 and approximately  1,200,000 shares of unregistered
common stock for total cash consideration of approximately $1,200,000.

Summary

Historically,  the Company has experienced significant reoccurring net operating
losses as well as negative cash flows from operations. The Company's main source
of  liquidity  has  been  equity  financing  which is used to fund  losses  from
operating activities.  For the year ended June 30, 2003, the Company has raised,
exclusive  of  commissions,  approximately  $9.0  million  from  the sale of its
preferred and common stock.  While  approximately $6 million of the proceeds was
utilized  to purchase  the  outstanding  capital  stock of NNSI and repay a note
payable due to Norstan,  Inc.,  the  remainder of the proceeds has been and will
continue to be utilized to fund ongoing operations.

The Company will continue to utilize cash generated from its  Telecommunications
segment  to  fund  the  operations  of its  other  segments  and  currently  has

                                       29
<PAGE>
sufficient  cash to meet its  funding  needs  for at least  the next 12  months.
Additionally,  management has instituted  cost saving  measures over the past 12
months intended to reduce its overhead  expenses,  most notably,  a reduction of
staffing  within  its  Technology  segment  and  its  discontinued   ComputerCOP
operations,  aggregating  approximately  $2.5  million  in annual  salaries  and
related  benefits.   The  Company  anticipates  that  negative  cash  flow  from
operations  will  average  less than  $150,000  per month for the quarter  ended
September 30, 2003.

Contractual  obligations,  commitments,  contingent  liabilities and off-balance
sheet items

The following table presents,  at June 30, 2003, the Company's significant fixed
and determinable contractual obligations by payment date.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Payments Due by Period
Contractual             Total      Less than 1 year        1-3 years          4-5 years      After 5 years
    Obligations
<S>                 <C>              <C>                  <C>                  <C>                <C>
Long Term Debt        $120,000         $120,000
Operating Leases     $1,534,617        $634,767             $893,973           $5,877             $ -
Telecommunication
 Purchase
 Commitments        $19,250,000      $8,850,000          $10,400,000          $  -               $ -
</TABLE>
Critical accounting policies

The Company's  discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of
operations is based upon the consolidated financial statements,  which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting  principles.  The
preparation of financial  statements in conformity with U.S.  generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities,  the  disclosure  of
contingent  assets and  liabilities as of the date of the financial  statements,
and the reported  amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods.  Estimates
have been made by management in several  areas,  including,  but not limited to,
revenue  recognition,  allowance for doubtful  accounts,  the  realizability  of
deferred  tax  assets,  goodwill  and other  intangible  assets and stock  based
compensation.  We base our  estimates on  historical  experience  and on various
other  assumptions  that we believe to be  reasonable  under the  circumstances.
Actual  results  may differ  materially  from these  estimates  under  different
assumptions or conditions.

We  believe  the  following  critical   accounting   policies  affect  our  more
significant  judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements.

Revenue recognition

The Company  records  revenue in  accordance  with  Statement  of Position  97-2
"Software Revenue Recognition" ("SOP 97-2"), issued by the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (as modified by Statement of Position 98-9) and SEC
Staff  Accounting  Bulletin 101 "Revenue  Recognition  in Financial  Statements"
("SAB 101")  regarding  revenue  recognition in financial  statements.  SOP 97-2
provides  additional  guidance  with respect to multiple  element  arrangements;
returns,  exchanges, and platform transfer rights;  resellers;  services; funded
software development arrangements; and contract accounting. Accordingly, revenue
from the sale of hardware is recognized  within  product  revenue at the time of
delivery and  acceptance of hardware  products by the customer,  when the fee is
fixed and determinable and collectibility is probable. Maintenance or monitoring
revenue that is bundled with an initial  license fee is deferred and  recognized
ratably within service revenue over the maintenance or monitoring  period in the
accompanying  consolidated  statements of  operations  and  comprehensive  loss.
Amounts  deferred for  maintenance  or monitoring are based on the fair value of
equivalent  maintenance or monitoring services sold separately.  The Company has
established  vendor  specific  objective  evidence  ("VSOE") on all  undelivered
elements of its software arrangements, which consists of maintenance, monitoring
and, at times, training and consulting. The Company uses the residual method for
delivered elements.

The Company's  consulting and training projects are short-term in nature and are
recorded as revenue when the services have been rendered.

                                       30
<PAGE>

Revenues  from NNSI  generated  from the resale of long  distance  services  are
recognized as services are provided.  Revenues  from NNSI  primarily  consist of
monthly fees,  which are  recognized  over the monthly  period and long distance
charges,  which are recognized as incurred.  These revenues are included  within
product revenue in the  accompanying  consolidated  statements of operations and
comprehensive loss.

Revenue for shipping and handling are included within  products  revenue and the
related costs are included in cost of revenue in the  accompanying  consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss.


Allowance for doubtful accounts

The Company provides  allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses from
the inability of customers to satisfy their accounts as originally  contemplated
at the time of sale and charges  actual losses to the allowance  when  incurred.
The calculation for these  allowances is based on the detailed review of certain
individual  customer accounts,  historical  satisfaction rates and the Company's
estimation of the overall economic  conditions  affecting the Company's customer
base. If the financial condition of the Company's customers were to deteriorate,
resulting  in an  impairment  of  their  ability  to make  payments,  additional
allowances may be required.

Income taxes

As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements we are
required to prepare our income  taxes in each of the  jurisdictions  in which we
operate.  This  process  involves  estimating  our actual  current tax  exposure
together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment
of items for tax and accounting  purposes.  These differences result in deferred
tax assets and liabilities,  which are included within our consolidated  balance
sheet.  We must then assess the likelihood  that our deferred tax assets will be
recovered  from future taxable income and to the extent we believe that recovery
is not likely, we must establish a valuation  allowance.  We have fully reserved
our deferred tax assets at June 30, 2003 and 2002.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

We evaluate the  recoverability of goodwill and other intangibles of each of our
reporting  units as required  under SFAS 142 by comparing the fair value of each
reporting unit with its carrying  value.  The fair values of our reporting units
are determined using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and market
multiples based upon historical and projected  financial  information.  We apply
our best judgment when assessing the reasonableness of the financial projections
used to determine the fair value of each reporting unit.

Stock-based compensation

The Company applies the intrinsic value-based method of accounting prescribed by
Accounting  Principles Board ("APB") Opinion 25,  Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees,  and related  interpretations,  to account for  stock-based  employee
compensation  plans and reports pro forma  disclosures  by  estimating  the fair
value of options  issued and the related  expense in  accordance  with SFAS 123.
Under  this  method,  compensation  cost is  recognized  for awards of shares of
common  stock or stock  options to  directors,  officers  and  employees  of the
Company only if the quoted market price of the stock at the grant date (or other
measurement  date,  if later) is greater than the amount the grantee must pay to
acquire the stock.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Management does not believe that there is any material market risk exposure
with respect to derivative  or other  financial  instruments  that would require
disclosure under this item.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The financial  statements of the Company and its  subsidiaries are included
herein:

                                       31
<PAGE>

     --   Reports of Independent Certified Public Accountants

     --   Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2003 and 2002

     --   Consolidated  Statements of operations and  comprehensive  loss,  Cash
          Flows and Shareholders' Equity for the years ended June 30, 2003, 2002
          and 2001

     --   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

ITEM 9.  CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Previously disclosed in Report on Form 8-K dated July 9, 2002.


ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Within 90 days prior to the filing date of this report, under the supervision of
our Chief  Executive  Officer and Chief  Financial  Officer,  we  evaluated  our
disclosure  controls and procedures (as defined in rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(c)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation,  our Chief
Executive  Officer and Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that our disclosure
controls and procedures  were sufficient to provide  reasonable  assurances that
the  information  required to be  disclosed by us in the reports that we file or
submit  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934 is  recorded,  processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods  specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

In the fall of 2002 and  during the  transition  period of the  Company's  newly
acquired   subsidiary,   NNSI,  the  Company  was  the  target  of  a  theft  of
telecommunications  services.  The Company is currently  working with one of its
major providers to resolve this issue and currently  believes this obligation to
the provider approximates $205,000 as of June 30, 2003. Accordingly, the Company
has accrued such amount and included it in general and  administrative  expenses
within the condensed  consolidated  statements of operations  and  comprehensive
loss.

As a result of this theft of telecommunications  services,  management has since
enacted new internal  controls at the subsidiary  level in order to deter future
occurrences of this nature.  It is the opinion of management that the outcome of
this matter will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's  operations
or financial condition.

Other than the event listed above, there have been no significant changes in our
internal  controls or in other  factors  that could  significantly  affect those
internal controls subsequent to the date of our evaluation thereof.

                                       32
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.        EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)  See Index to  Financial  Statements  at  beginning  of  attached  financial
     statements.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K
     -------------------
     Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2003.


(c)  Exhibits
     --------
3.1   Certificate of Incorporation, as amended ******
3.2   By-Laws. *
4.1   Specimen common stock certificate.*
4.2   Form of warrant to investment banking firm. *
4.3   Form of warrant to employees.*
10.1  Agreement between  The  Sullivan  Group and  NetWolves  Corporation  dated
      January 5, 1999.*
10.2  Warrant Agreement between NetWolves Corporation and Walter M.Groteke dated
      June 17, 1998.*
10.3  1998 Stock Option Plan*
10.4  2000 Stock Option Plan **
10.5  2001 Stock Option Plan ***
10.6  2002 Stock Option Plan *****
10.7  2003 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan.
10.8  Form of Indemnification Agreement*
10.9  Employment Agreement between  NetWolves  Corporation and Walter M. Groteke
      dated October 1, 2000. ***
10.10 Employment  Agreement between NetWolves  Corporation and Walter R. Groteke
      dated October 1, 2000. ****
10.11 Employment Agreement  between  NetWolves  Corporation  and Peter C. Castle
      dated October 1, 2000. ****
10.12 Agreement of Lease between  Registrant  and  Fortunato  Development,  Inc.
      dated April 18, 2000.******
10.13 Office Lease Agreement between  Registrant and BRST Fountain Square L.L.C.
      dated September 29, 2000. ******
22    Subsidiaries of the Registrant
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Name             State of Incorporation  Percentage owned by Company
         ----             ----------------------  ---------------------------
<S>                               <C>                         <C>
ComputerCOP Corp.                 New York                    100%
NetWolves Technologies
 Corporation      New York        100%
NNS, Inc.                         Delaware                    100%
Norstan Network Services, Inc.    Minnesota                   100%
TSG Global Education, Inc.        Delaware                     97%
</TABLE>
23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP
31   CEO and CFO  Certifications  Pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley
     Act of 2002.
32   CEO and CFO  Certifications  Pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley
     Act of 2002.

__________________________________________________________________________
*       Previously filed as exhibits to Report on Form 10, as amended.

**      Previously  filed as an exhibit to Report on Form  10-K  for  the fiscal
        year ended June 30, 2000.

***     Previously  filed  as  an  exhibit to Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
        year ended June 30, 2001.

****    Previously  filed  as  an exhibit to Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
        ended March 31, 2001.

*****   Previously  filed  as  an  exhibit to Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
        year ended June 30, 2002.

******  Previously  filed as an  exhibit  to  Amendment  No.  1 to  Registration
        Statement on Form S-3/A File No. 333-100734.

                                       33
<PAGE>


Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the  undersigned,  thereunto  duly  authorized  on the 29th day of September,
2003.

                                NetWolves Corporation

                                By: /s/ Walter M. Groteke
                                    -----------------------------
                                Walter M. Groteke
                                Chairman of the Board, President
                                and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed  below on  September  29, 2003 by the  following  persons in the
capacities indicated:


/s/ Walter M. Groteke
-----------------              Chairman of the Board and President
Walter M. Groteke              Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Walter R. Groteke
-----------------              Vice President - Sales and Marketing
Walter R. Groteke              and Director

/s/ Peter C. Castle
---------------                Secretary and Treasurer
Peter C. Castle                Principal Financial Officer and
                               Principal Accounting Officer

/s/ Carlos Campbell
---------------                Director
Carlos Campbell

/s/ Fassil Gabremariam
---------------                Director
Fassil Gabremariam

/s/ Myron Levy
---------------                Director
Myron Levy

<PAGE>
                                    CONTENTS



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ..........................F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ..........................F-2

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
    June 30, 2003 and 2002 ..................................................F-3

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
    For the years ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001.........................F-5

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
    For the years ended June 30, 2001, 2002 and 2003 ..................F-6 - F-7

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
    For the years ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001...................F-8 - F-9

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ..........................F-10 - F-37

SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES................F-39


<PAGE>

               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
NetWolves Corporation:


We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NetWolves  Corporation (a New
York corporation) and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2003 and 2002, and the related
consolidated  statements of operations  and  comprehensive  loss,  shareholders'
equity and cash  flows for the years then  ended.  Our audit also  included  the
financial  statement  schedule for the years ended June 30, 2003 and 2002 listed
in the  index  at Item 14.  These  financial  statements  and  schedule  are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material  respects,   the  consolidated  financial  position  of  NetWolves
Corporation  and  subsidiaries  at June 30, 2003 and 2002, and the  consolidated
results  of their  operations  and their  cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with accounting  principles  generally accepted in the United States.
Also, in our opinion,  the related  financial  statement  schedule for the years
ended June 30, 2003 and 2002, when considered in relation to the basic financial
statements  taken as a whole,  presents  fairly  in all  material  respects  the
information set forth therein.


                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Tampa, Florida
September 25, 2003


                                      F-1
<PAGE>



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
NetWolves Corporation:


We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet  of  NetWolves
Corporation (a New York  corporation)  and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001, and
the related  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  loss,
shareholders'  equity and cash flows for the year then  ended.  These  financial
statements   are  the   responsibility   of  the   Company's   management.   Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these financial  statements based on
our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards  generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audit  provides a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all material  respects,  the  financial  position of NetWolves  Corporation  and
subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001, and the results of their  operations and their
cash  flows for the year then ended in  conformity  with  accounting  principles
generally accepted in the United States.

Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic  financial
statements  taken as a whole.  Schedule  II  listed  in the  index of  financial
statements  is  presented  for  purposes of complying  with the  Securities  and
Exchange  Commission's rules and is not part of the basic financial  statements.
Schedule II has been subjected to the auditing  procedures  applied in the audit
of the basic  financial  statements  and, in our opinion,  fairly  states in all
material  respects  the  financial  data  required  to be set forth  therein  in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.



                                /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Tampa, Florida
   August 17, 2001 (except with respect to
   the matters discussed in Note 17, as to
   which the date is October 11, 2001)

The  report is a copy of the  previously  issued  Arthur  Andersen  accountants'
report and such report has not been reissued by Arthur Andersen.

                                      F-2
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                June 30,
                                                                                --------------------------------------
                                                                                       2003                2002
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>
ASSETS
Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $        1,336,191  $          656,880
    Restricted cash                                                                        297,701             366,276
    Marketable securities, available for sale                                               -                   82,250
    Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
       $179,859 and $191,164 at June 30, 2003 and 2002, respectively                     2,254,790             107,178
    Inventories                                                                             89,598             136,930
    Prepaid expenses                                                                       172,002             129,293
    Purchase deposits                                                                       -                  841,000
    Other current assets                                                                     8,241              13,491
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
       Total current assets                                                              4,158,523           2,333,298

Property and equipment, net                                                                578,192             682,395
Internally developed software, net                                                          50,572             104,874

Identifiable intangible assets
    Patent                                                                                  47,649              45,394
    Licenses                                                                               203,000              -
    Contractual customer relationships, net                                              1,959,277              -
    Computer billing software, net                                                         756,043              -
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
       Total identifiable intangible assets                                              2,965,969              45,394

Goodwill                                                                                 3,515,698              -
Other assets                                                                                59,383              58,493
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
                                                                                $       11,328,337  $        3,224,454
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                            ==================  ==================
Current liabilities
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                       $        4,613,252  $          675,321
    Accrued losses of discontinued operations                                              108,639             137,958
    Deferred revenue                                                                       423,625              46,780
    Advances from related parties                                                          150,000              -
    Current maturities of long-term debt                                                   120,000             362,982
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
       Total current liabilities                                                         5,415,516           1,223,041


Deferred revenue                                                                            51,000              -
Accrued losses of discontinued operations                                                  128,886             235,012
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------

       Total liabilities                                                                 5,595,402           1,458,053
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
Minority interest                                                                          275,734             272,533
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' equity
    Series A Preferred stock, $.0033 par value; $8,682,886 liquidation
       preference; 1,000,000 and no shares authorized on June 30, 2003 and
       June 30, 2002, respectively; 269,462 and no shares issued and
       outstanding on June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, respectively                     2,819,876                -

The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  balance sheets.

                                      F-3

<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


    Series B Preferred stock, $.0033 par value; $9,615,038 liquidation
       preference; 500,000 and no shares authorized on June 30, 2003 and
       June 30, 2002, respectively; 290,963 and no shares issued and
       outstanding on June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, respectively                     3,055,770                -
    Series C Preferred stock, $.0033 par value; $172,555 liquidation
       preference; 100,000 and no shares authorized on June 30, 2003 and
       June 30, 2002, respectively; 2,850 and no shares issued and
       outstanding on June 30, 2003 and June 30, 2002, respectively                       135,701                -
    Preferred stock, $.0033 par value; 400,000 and 2,000,000 authorized on
       June 30, 2003 and 2002, respectively; no shares issued and
       outstanding on June 30, 2003 and 2002                                                -                    -
    Common stock, $.0033 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized on June 30,
       2003 and 2002; 15,847,119 and 12,607,119 shares issued and
       outstanding on June 30, 2003 and 2002, respectively                                 52,296               41,604
    Additional paid-in capital                                                         69,520,368           65,176,647
    Unamortized value of equity compensation                                             (104,758)               -
    Accumulated deficit                                                               (70,022,052)         (63,611,478)
    Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                    -                 (112,905)
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
       Total shareholders' equity                                                       5,457,201            1,493,868
                                                                                ------------------  ------------------
                                                                                $      11,328,337   $        3,224,454
                                                                                =================   ==================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  balance sheets.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           For the year ended June 30,
                                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 2003                 2002                 2001
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
<S>                                                       <C>                  <C>                  <C>
Revenue
    Products                                              $         214,675    $         246,016    $         341,203
    Services                                                     20,944,784              492,732            1,083,935
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
                                                                 21,159,459              738,748            1,425,138
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Cost of revenue
    Products                                                        193,138              304,809              439,799
    Services                                                     13,842,906              452,888              905,321
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
                                                                 14,036,044              757,697            1,345,120
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Gross profit                                                      7,123,415              (18,949)              80,018
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Operating expenses
    General and administrative                                    8,847,462            6,442,954            7,714,047
    Engineering and development                                   1,595,882            1,703,376            1,893,372
    Sales and marketing                                           3,252,226            2,500,793            4,958,719
    Impairment charges                                                -                    -                1,415,929
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
                                                                 13,695,570           10,647,123           15,982,067
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Loss before other income (expense)
    and income taxes                                             (6,572,155)         (10,666,072)         (15,902,049)

Other income (expense)
    Investment income                                                13,351              117,147              650,003
    Gain on extinguishment of debt                                  716,014                -                    -
    Realized loss on sale of marketable securities                 (115,201)               -                    -
    Minority interest                                                (3,201)               9,160               24,068
    Interest expense                                               (202,985)             (37,571)             (27,613)
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Loss before income taxes                                         (6,164,177)         (10,577,336)         (15,255,591)

    Provision for income taxes                                      129,300                -                    -
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Net loss from continuing operations                              (6,293,477)         (10,577,336)         (15,255,591)

Discontinued business
    Loss from discontinued operations                                 -                    -               (4,725,901)
    Loss on disposal of discontinued operations,
       including $117,097, $525,204 and none for
       operating losses for the year ended June 30,
       2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.                         (117,097)           (1,053,274)            (650,000)
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Net loss                                                  $      (6,410,574)   $     (11,630,610)   $     (20,631,492)
                                                          =================    =================    =================

The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  balance sheets.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

                                                                         For the year ended June 30,
                                                          -----------------------------------------------------------

                                                                 2003                 2002                 2001
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Other comprehensive income (loss)

    Marketable securities valuation adjustment                       (2,296)              11,250              (28,500)
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Comprehensive loss                                        $      (6,412,870)   $     (11,619,360)   $     (20,659,992)
                                                          =================    =================    =================
Basic and diluted net loss per share

Net loss                                                  $      (6,410,574)   $     (11,630,610)   $     (20,631,492)
                                                          =================    =================    =================
    Beneficial conversion on preferred stock                       (138,882)               -                    -
    Dividends on preferred stock                                   (453,179)               -                    -
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
Net loss available to common shareholders                 $      (7,002,635)   $     (11,630,610)   $     (20,631,492)
                                                          =================    =================    =================
Basic and diluted net loss per share
    Loss from continuing operations                       $           (0.53)   $           (0.90)   $           (1.74)
    Loss from discontinued operations                                 (0.01)               (0.09)                (.61)
                                                          -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
                                                          $           (0.54)    $          (0.99)    $          (2.35)
                                                          =================    =================    =================
Weighted average common shares
  outstanding, basic and diluted                                 12,929,559           11,756,220            8,776,928
                                                          =================    =================    =================
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  balance sheets.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2001, 2002 AND 2003
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      Common stock Series A Preferred  Series B Preferred Series C Preferred                            Accumulated
                                       Stock                stock               Stock         Additional                   other
                                                                                               paid-in     Accumulated comprehensive
                        Shares    Amount Shares Amount  Shares    Amount    Shares   Amount    capital       deficit    income(loss)
                        ------    ------ ------ ------  ------    ------    ------   ------   ----------   ----------- -------------
<S>                     <C>        <C>      <C>  <C>       <C>    <C>         <C>     <C>    <C>         <C>           <C>
Balance, June 30, 2000  8,592,613 $ 28,356  -    $ -       -       $ -        -       $ -    $56,076,197 $(31,349,376) $ (95,655)


Common stock, options
 and warrants
issued for services       575,000    1,898                                                     2,377,302         -          -

Marketable securities
 valuation adjustment        -        -                                                             -            -       (28,500)

Repurchase of warrant        -        -                                                         (705,000)        -          -

Net loss, year ended
 June 30, 2001               -        -                                                              -    (20,631,492)      -
                       ----------  -------                                                    ---------- ------------   ---------
  Total comprehensive
   loss

Balance, June 30, 2001  9,167,613 $ 30,254  -      -       -         -        -         -     $57,748,499 $(51,980,868) $(124,155)

Common stock, options
 and warrants issued
 for services             130,000      429                                                        466,569        -          -

Amortization of warrants     -        -                                                              -           -          -
Common stock issued in
 settlement of employment
 agreements               350,000    1,155                                                        956,345        -           -

Common stock issued in
 private placement, net
 of expenses of
 $310,000               2,830,000    9,339                                                      6,005,661        -           -

Common stock issued
 upon exercise of
 warrants                 129,506      427                                                           (427)       -           -

Marketable securities
 valuation adjustment        -        -                                                              -           -        11,250

Net loss, year ended
 June 30, 2002               -        -                                                              -    (11,630,610)       -
                       ----------  -------                                                    ---------- ------------   ---------
  Total comprehensive
   loss

Balance, June 30, 2002 12,607,119  $41,604  -      -       -         -        -         -    $65,176,647 $(63,611,478)  $(112,905)
                       ==========  =======                                                    ========== ============   =========

The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  statements.
                                      F-6
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2001, 2002 AND 2003


                                 Unamortized         Total
                                value of equity    Shareholders'   Comprehensive
                                 compensation        Equity         Income (loss)
                                ---------------    -------------   -------------

Balance, June 30, 2000             $(1,851,893)      $22,807,629


Common stock, options
 and warrants
issued for services                    840,393         3,219,593

Marketable securities
 valuation adjustment                     -              (28,500)   $   (28,500)

Repurchase of warrant                     -             (705,000)

Net loss, year ended
 June 30, 2001                            -          (20,631,492)   (20,631,492)
                                   -----------       -----------   ------------
  Total comprehensive
   loss                                                            $(20,659,992)
                                                                   ============
Balance, June 30, 2001             $(1,011,500)      $ 4,662,230

Common stock, options
 and warrants issued
 for services                             -              466,998

Amortization of warrants             1,011,500         1,011,500

Common stock issued in
 settlement of employment
 agreements                                              957,500

Common stock issued in
 private placement, net
 of expenses of
 $310,000                                 -            6,015,000

Common stock issued
 upon exercise of
 warrants                                 -                 -
Marketable securities
 valuation adjustment                     -               11,250     $   11,250

Net loss, year ended
 June 30, 2002                                       (11,630,610)   (11,630,610)
                                   -----------       -----------   ------------
  Total comprehensive
   loss                                                            $(11,619,360)
                                                                   ============
Balance, June 30, 2002                    -          $ 1,493,868
                                   ===========       ============
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  statements.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2001, 2002 AND 2003
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                      Common stock Series A Preferred    Series B Preferred Series C Preferred
                                        Stock                  stock               Stock           Additional
                                                                                                    paid-in     Accumulated
                        Shares    Amount   Shares  Amount    Shares    Amount    Shares   Amount    capital       deficit
                        ------    ------   ------  ------    ------    ------    ------   ------   ----------   -----------
<S>                    <C>        <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>    <C>
Balance, June 30, 2002 12,607,119 $ 41,604    -    $    -        -    $     -      -      $ -    $65,176,647   $(63,611,478)
                       ========== ======== ======= ======== ========= ========== ======== ====== ===========   ============

Common stock, options
 and warrants
issued for services     2,840,000    9,372                                                         2,322,523

Amortization of warrants

Preferred stock with
 beneficial conversion
 feature issued in
 private placement,
 net of expenses of
 $821,558                                  269,462 2,819,876  290,963  3,055,770  2,850   135,701  2,035,367

Preferred stock dividends                                                                           (453,179)

Common stock issued
 to settle note
 payable to Norstan, Inc. 300,000      990                                                           344,010

Common stock issued in
 private placement,
 net of expenses of
 $5,000                   100,000      330                                                            95,000

Marketable securities
 valuation adjustment

Loss on sale of
 marketable securities

Net loss, year ended
 June 30, 2003               -         -      -         -        -         -       -         -          -        (6,410,574)
                       ---------- -------- ------- -------- --------- ---------- -------- ------ -----------   ------------
  Total comprehensive
   loss

Balance, June 30,
 2003                 15,847,119  52,296  $269,462 $2,819,876 290,963 $3,055,770  2,850  $135,701 $69,520,368  $(70,022,052)
                      ==========  ======== ======= ======== ========= ========== ======== ====== ===========   ============
</TABLE>




The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  statements.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2001, 2002 AND 2003
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                Accumulated
                                   other         Unamortized        Total
                                comprehensive   value of equity  shareholders'    Comprehensive
                                income(loss)     compensation      equity         income (loss)
                                -------------   ---------------  -------------    -------------
<S>                              <C>               <C>            <C>                <C>
Balance, June 30, 2002           $(112,905)        $      -       $ 1,493,868
                                 =========         ===========    ===========

Common stock, options
 and warrants
issued for services                                   (128,000)     2,203,895

Amortization of warrants                                23,242         23,242

Preferred stock with
 beneficial conversion
 feature issued in
 private placement,
 net of expenses of
 $821,558                                                           8,046,714

Preferred stock dividends                                            (453,179)

Common stock issued
 to settle note
 payable to Norstan, Inc.                                             345,000

Common stock issued in
 private placement,
 net of expenses of
 $5,000                                                                95,330

Marketable securities               (2,296)                            (2,296)       (2,296)
 valuation adjustment

Loss on sale of
 marketable securities             115,201                            115,201

Net loss, year ended                  -                   -        (6,410,574)   (6,410,574)
 June 30, 2003
                                 ---------         -----------    -----------    ----------
  Total comprehensive
   loss                                                                         $(6,412,870)
                                                                                ===========
Balance, June 30,
 2003                            $    -             $(104,758)    $ 5,457,201
                                 =========         ===========    ===========
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  statements.
                                      F-7
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               For the year ended June 30,
                                                               -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      2003                 2002                  2001
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
<S>                                                            <C>                  <C>                   <C>
Cash flows from operating activities
  Net loss                                                     $       (6,410,574)  $     (11,630,610)    $    (20,631,492)
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used
      in operating activities
         Depreciation                                                     236,982             243,715              231,029
         Amortization                                                     714,982              42,390            1,190,223
         Realized loss on sale of marketable securities                   115,201                -                    -
         Provision for impairment                                            -                100,000            3,524,911
         Provision for inventory obsolescence                                -                193,086              243,222
         Loss on disposal of property and equipment                         5,207              91,723               64,435
         Provision for other assets                                          -                 56,000                 -
         Gain on extinguishment of debt                                  (716,014)                -                   -
         Non-cash charge to operations with respect to
             common stock, options and warrants issued for
             services                                                   2,227,137           2,344,998            1,974,799
         Amortization of imputed interest                                 184,378                -                    -
         Minority interest                                                  3,201              (9,160)             (24,068)

   Changes in operating assets and liabilities
       Restricted cash                                                     68,575             (42,386)            (323,890)
       Accounts receivable                                               (277,526)            259,690              (84,418)
       Inventories                                                         47,332              15,021               86,484
       Prepaid expenses                                                   (42,709)            105,355              (83,304)
       Other current assets                                                70,769             165,639               14,551
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses                            1,827,615            (251,313)            (865,396)
       Accrued loss on disposal of discontinued operations               (135,445)           (123,957)             496,927
       Deferred revenue                                                    13,889             (83,198)             118,805
       Due to Norstan, Inc.                                               846,474              -                    -
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
          Net cash used in operating activities                        (1,220,526)         (8,523,007)         (14,067,182)
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
   Cash flows from investing activities
       Proceeds from sale of marketable securities                         79,954               -                    -

       Payment to purchase Norstan Network Services, Inc.
                                                                       (3,350,000)              -                    -
       Finders fee paid in connection with acquisition of
          Norstan Network Services, Inc.                                    -                (350,000)               -
       Deposit paid to Norstan, Inc. in connection with
          acquisition of Norstan Network Services, Inc.                     -                (400,000)               -
       License fees paid                                                    -                   -                 (150,000)
       Acquisition costs paid                                            (129,500)              -                    -
       Patent costs paid                                                   (2,255)            (13,293)             (32,101)
       Purchases of property and equipment                                (81,686)           (104,456)            (745,215)
       Capitalized software costs, net of funding                           -                 (72,852)            (116,066)
       Return of (payments for) security deposits                            (890)             17,721              (37,423)
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------

          Net cash used in investing activities
                                                                       (3,484,377)           (922,880)          (1,080,805)
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
</TABLE>
                                      F-8
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               For the year ended June 30,
                                                               -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      2003                 2002                  2001
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                  <C>                    <C>
Cash flows from financing activities

    Cash proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and
    warrants                                                          8,868,272               -                     -
    Repayment of notes payable                                       (2,907,500)              -                  (263,555)
    Repurchase of warrant                                                                     -                  (705,000)
    Cash proceeds from issuance of common stock                         100,000           6,325,000                 -
    Financing costs paid                                               (826,558)           (310,000)                -
    Advances from related parties                                       600,000               -                     -
    Repayment of advances from related parties                         (450,000)              -                     -
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
          Net cash provided by (used in) financing
             activities                                               5,384,214           6,015,000              (968,555)
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                    679,311          (3,430,887)          (16,116,542)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                            656,880           4,087,767            20,204,309
                                                               ------------------   -----------------     ----------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                         $      1,336,191     $       656,880       $     4,087,767
                                                               ==================   =================     ===============

Cash paid for interest                                         $          6,682     $        16,250       $        27,613
                                                               ==================   =================     ===============
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND
    FINANCING ACTIVITIES

    Issuance of non-interest bearing promissory note to
      Norstan, Inc.  (Note 4)                                  $      3,479,850     $          -          $         -
                                                               ==================   =================     ===============
    Common stock issued in partial repayment of
      non-interest bearing promissory  note to Norstan,
      Inc. (Note 4)                                            $        345,000     $          -          $         -
                                                               ==================   =================     ===============
    Common stock issued for services related to purchase
      of Norstan Network Services, Inc.                        $          -       $           91,000      $         -
                                                               ==================   =================     ===============
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes to the financial statements
  are an integral part of these consolidated
  statements.
                                       F-9

<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1    The Company

     The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the accounts of NetWolves
     Corporation  and  its  subsidiaries,   NetWolves  Technologies  Corporation
     ("NWT"),  Norstan Network Services,  Inc. (NNSI),  ComputerCOP  Corporation
     ("Computer  Cop") and its majority  owned TSG Global  Education  Web,  Inc.
     ("TSG") (collectively "NetWolves" or the Company").

     NWT designs, develops, assembles and sells Internet infrastructure security
     platforms,  coupled with network  based  management  services,  designed to
     significantly  reduce the up-front and ongoing costs associated with small,
     medium and remote offices' global Internet access.  NNSI provides  multiple
     source data and voice  services  and related  consulting  and  professional
     services   throughout  the  United  States.  TSG  provides  management  and
     consulting services to the automotive industry.  Effective August 31, 2002,
     the  Company  ceased all  operations  of  ComputerCOP  and  terminated  all
     remaining employees of ComputerCOP.


2    Significant accounting policies

     Use of estimates

     In  preparing   consolidated   financial   statements  in  conformity  with
     accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States,  management
     makes estimates and assumptions  that affect the reported amounts of assets
     and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the
     date of the  consolidated  financial  statements,  as well as the  reported
     amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
     could differ from those estimates.

     Principles of consolidation

     The consolidated  financial  statements include the accounts of the Company
     and  its  subsidiaries.   All  significant  intercompany  transactions  and
     balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  The separate  ownership of
     TSG is reflected in the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  as
     minority interest. The minority interest includes common stock representing
     1.7% of the outstanding shares of the subsidiary.

     Prepaid expenses

     Prepaid  expenses  consist  primarily  of prepaid  insurance  and are being
     amortized over their respective lives using the straight-line method.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Business combinations and goodwill

     In June 2001, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued
     Statement of Financial  Standards  ("SFAS")  141,  "Business  Combinations"
     ("SFAS 141") and SFAS 142,  "Goodwill and Other  Intangible  Assets" ("SFAS
     142"). SFAS 141 addresses  financial  accounting and reporting for business
     combinations  while SFAS 142 addresses  financial  accounting and reporting
     for acquired goodwill and other intangible assets.  SFAS 141 applies to all
     business  combinations  initiated  after June 30,  2001,  while SFAS 142 is
     required to be applied in fiscal years  beginning  after December 15, 2001.
     Identifiable  intangible  assets  with  other  than  indefinite  lives will
     continue to be amortized in the financial statements, however, goodwill and
     identifiable  intangible  assets  with  indefinite  lives will no longer be
     amortized. In connection with the acquisition of NNSI, the adoption of SFAS
     141 has had a material impact on the Company's  financial  statements.  The
     adoption of SFAS 142 has not had material impact on the Company's financial
     statements  although the Company is required to review its  intangibles and
     goodwill annually for indicators of impairment and this review could result
     in  recognition  of impairment  losses.  SFAS 142 requires that the Company
     test all goodwill for impairment within six months of  implementation.  The
     Company has performed  testing for  impairment by utilizing the  discounted
     cash flow method and did not find any impairment of goodwill.

     Long lived assets

     In August 2001,  the FASB issued SFAS 144,  "Accounting  for the Impairment
     and  Disposal  of  Long-Lived   Assets."  SFAS  144  supersedes  SFAS  121,
     "Accounting  for the  Impairment  of Long- Lived Assets and for  Long-Lived
     Assets to Be Disposed Of" and also supersedes the provisions of APB Opinion
     30, "Reporting the Results of Operations-Reporting  the Effects of Disposal
     of a Segment of a Business,  and Extraordinary,  Unusual,  and Infrequently
     Occurring  Events and  Transactions."  SFAS 144 retains the requirements of
     SFAS 121 to (a) recognize an impairment loss only if the carrying amount of
     a long-lived asset is not recoverable  from its undiscounted  cash flow and
     (b) measure an  impairment  loss as the  difference  between  the  carrying
     amount and the fair value of the asset. SFAS 144 establishes a single model
     for  accounting  for  long-lived  assets  to be  disposed  of by  sale.  As
     required,  we have adopted the  provisions  of SFAS 144  effective  July 1,
     2002, and the effect of adoption was not material to our financial position
     or results of operations.


     Basic and diluted net loss per share

     The Company displays loss per share in accordance with SFAS 128,  "Earnings
     Per Share" ("SFAS 128").  SFAS 128 requires dual  presentation of basic and
     diluted  earnings per share.  Basic earnings per share includes no dilution
     and  is  computed  by  dividing  net  income  (loss)  available  to  common
     shareholders  by the weighted  average number of common shares  outstanding
     for the period.  The diluted  loss per share does not include the impact of
     potential shares to be issued upon exercise of convertible preferred stock,
     options and warrants aggregating  approximately  13,123,000,  7,474,000 and
     7,135,000  at June 30,  2003,  2002 and  2001,  respectively,  because  the
     Company had a net loss from operations and, therefore,  the effect would be
     antidilutive.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>
                         NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Revenue recognition

     The Company  records  revenue in accordance with Statement of Position 97-2
     "Software  Revenue  Recognition"  ("SOP  97-2"),  issued  by  the  American
     Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (as modified by Statement of
     Position 98-9) and SEC Staff Accounting  Bulletin 101 "Revenue  Recognition
     in Financial  Statements"  ("SAB 101")  regarding  revenue  recognition  in
     financial statements. SOP 97-2 provides additional guidance with respect to
     multiple element arrangements;  returns,  exchanges,  and platform transfer
     rights; resellers;  services; funded software development arrangements; and
     contract  accounting.  Accordingly,  revenue  from the sale of  hardware is
     recognized within product revenue at the time of delivery and acceptance of
     hardware and software  products by the customer,  when the fee is fixed and
     determinable  and  collectibility  is probable.  Maintenance  or monitoring
     revenue  that is  bundled  with an  initial  license  fee is  deferred  and
     recognized   ratably  within  service   revenue  over  the  maintenance  or
     monitoring period in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
     and comprehensive  loss. Amounts deferred for maintenance or monitoring are
     based on the fair value of equivalent  maintenance  or monitoring  services
     sold  separately.  The Company has established  vendor  specific  objective
     evidence ("VSOE") on all undelivered elements of its software arrangements,
     which  consists of  maintenance,  monitoring  and, at times,  training  and
     consulting. The Company uses the residual method for delivered elements.

     The Company's consulting and training projects are short-term in nature and
     are recorded as revenue when the services have been rendered.

     Revenues from NNSI generated from the resale of long distance  services are
     recognized as services are provided.  Revenues from NNSI primarily  consist
     of monthly  fees,  which are  recognized  over the monthly  period and long
     distance  charges,  which are  recognized as incurred.  These  revenues are
     included within service revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements
     of operations and comprehensive loss.

     Revenue for shipping and handling are included within products  revenue and
     the  related  costs are  included  in cost of revenue  in the  accompanying
     consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.


     Inventories

     Inventories  consist of raw materials and finished  goods.  Inventories are
     valued at the lower of cost or net  realizable  value  using the  first-in,
     first-out method. During the year ended June 30, 2001, the Company recorded
     a writedown of inventory approximating $243,000. Additionally, raw material
     and finished goods amounted to $69,649 and $19,949,  respectively,  at June
     30, 2003 and $108,079 and $28,851, respectively, at June 30, 2002.

     Property and equipment

     Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Costs  assigned to property and
     equipment of the acquired  businesses (Note 3) were based on estimated fair
     value at  acquisition.  Depreciation  is provided on furniture and fixtures
     and machinery and equipment over their estimated lives, ranging from 5 to 7
     years, using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized
     over the lesser of the term of the respective  lease or the useful lives of
     the related  assets.  Expenditures  for maintenance and repairs are charged
     directly to the appropriate  operating  accounts at the time the expense is
     incurred.  Expenditures  determined to represent  additions and betterments
     are  capitalized and amortized over the lesser of their useful lives or the
     useful  lives of the  related  assets.  Depreciation  and  amortization  is
     included  in  general  and  administrative  expenses  in  the  accompanying
     consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Internally developed software

     Costs  associated with the  development of software  products are generally
     capitalized  once  technological  feasibility  is established in accordance
     with SFAS 86,  "Accounting  for the Costs of Computer  Software to be Sold,
     Leased or  Otherwise  Marketed".  Software  costs are  amortized  using the
     greater of the ratio of current  revenue to total  projected  revenue for a
     product or the  straight-line  method  over its  estimated  useful life and
     amortization  begins when products  become  available for general  customer
     release. The Company recorded approximately $54,000, $41,000 and $43,000 in
     amortization  expense  for the years  ended June 30,  2003,  2002 and 2001,
     respectively,  relating  to  internally  developed  software  costs.  Costs
     incurred prior to establishment  of technological  feasibility are expensed
     as incurred  and  reflected as  engineering  and  development  costs in the
     accompanying  consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.
     The Company capitalized  internally developed software development costs of
     approximately   $0,   $73,000  and  $116,000  and  incurred   approximately
     $1,596,000, $1,703,000 and $1,893,000 in research and development costs for
     the years ended June 30,  2003,  2002 and 2001,  respectively.  Accumulated
     amortization at June 30, 2003 was approximately $138,000.

     Product warranties

     The Company  offers  warranties on the sales of certain of its products and
     records an accrual for  estimated  future  claims.  Such accruals are based
     upon historical experience and management's estimate of the level of future
     claims.

     Income taxes

     In accordance  with SFAS 109  "Accounting  for Income  Taxes",  the Company
     accounts for income  taxes using the  liability  method which  requires the
     determination  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities   based  on  the
     differences  between the financial and tax bases of assets and  liabilities
     using  enacted  tax rates in effect for the year in which  differences  are
     expected to reverse.  The net deferred tax asset is adjusted by a valuation
     allowance, if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely
     than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax asset will not be
     realized.  The Company and its  subsidiaries  file a  consolidated  Federal
     income tax return.

     Stock-based compensation

     SFAS  123,   "Accounting   for  Stock-Based   Compensation"   ("SFAS  123")
     establishes  a fair  value-  based  method of  accounting  for stock  based
     compensation  plans.  The  Company  has  chosen  to  adopt  the  disclosure
     requirements  of  SFAS  123  and  SFAS  148,  "Accounting  for  Stock-Based
     Compensation Transition and Disclosure" ("SFAS 148") and continue to record
     stock  compensation  for its  employees  and  outside  directors  using the
     intrinsic value method  prescribed in Accounting  Principles  Board Opinion
     25,  "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees"  ("APB 25").  Under APB 25,
     charges are made to operations in accounting  for stock options  granted to
     employees and outside  directors when the option  exercise prices are below
     the fair market value of the common stock at the measurement date.

     If the Company had elected to recognize compensation expense based upon the
     fair value at the date of grant consistent with the methodology  prescribed
     by SFAS 123 and SFAS 148, the effect on the Company's net loss and net loss
     per share would be as follows:


                                      F-13
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               For the years ended June 30,
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    2003                  2002                   2001
                                            -------------------   -------------------    ------------------
         <S>                                <C>                   <C>                    <C>
         Net loss available to common
           shareholders, as reported        $      (7,002,635)    $     (11,630,610)     $     (20,631,492)
              Add:  Total stock-based
              employee compensation
              expense included in
              reported net loss, net of
              related tax effects                       -                     -                      -

         Deduct:  Total stock-based
           employee compensation expense
           determined under fair value
           based method for all awards,
           net of related tax effects                (544,699)             (664,478)           (12,271,972)
                                            -----------------     -----------------      -----------------
         Pro forma net loss                 $      (7,547,334)    $     (12,295,088)     $     (32,903,464)
                                            =================     =================      =================
         Basic and diluted net loss per
         share
                  As reported               $           (.54)     $           (.99)      $          (2.35)
                  Pro forma                 $           (.58)     $          (1.05)      $          (3.74)
</TABLE>

     Equity  issuances to  non-employees in exchange for services are charged to
     operations  over the period the services are provided  using the fair value
     method on the  measurement  date.  The costs  associated  with issuances of
     fixed awards with pro rata vesting are revalued at the  respective  vesting
     dates and expensed in the respective  consolidated  statement of operations
     and comprehensive loss as the services are provided.

     The  weighted  average  fair value per share of common  stock,  options and
     warrants  granted to employees  during the years ended June 30, 2003,  2002
     and 2001, approximated $.74, $1.38 and $2.73,  respectively,  are estimated
     on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes  option-pricing model with the
     following assumptions:  no dividend yield, expected volatility ranging from
     75% to 85%,  risk-free  interest  rates  ranging  from 2.48% to 6.68%,  and
     expected lives ranging from 5 to 10 years.


     Cash and cash equivalents

     The Company  considers  highly liquid  investments in debt  securities with
     original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At June
     30, 2003, approximately $298,000 of the Company's cash is being utilized to
     secure various letters of credit.


     Allowance for doubtful accounts

     The Company provides  allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
     from the  inability of customers to satisfy  their  accounts as  originally
     contemplated at the time of sale and charges actual losses to the allowance
     when  incurred.  The  calculation  for  these  allowances  is  based on the
     detailed  review  of  certain  individual  customer  accounts,   historical
     satisfaction  rates and the Company's  estimation  of the overall  economic
     conditions   affecting  the  Company's  customer  base.  If  the  financial
     condition of the Company's  customers were to deteriorate,  resulting in an
     impairment of their ability to make payments,  additional allowances may be
     required.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Concentrations and fair value of financial instruments

     Financial   instruments   that   potentially   subject   the   Company   to
     concentrations  of credit risk consist  principally of cash investments and
     marketable securities. At June 30, 2003, the Company's cash investments are
     held at primarily  one financial  institution.  The fair value of financial
     instruments approximates their recorded values.

     Comprehensive income (loss)

     The Company  presents  comprehensive  income (loss) in accordance with SFAS
     130,  "Reporting  Comprehensive  Income" ("SFAS 130"). SFAS 130 establishes
     standards for reporting and display of comprehensive  income (loss) and its
     components.   As  this   statement   pertains  to  disclosure   information
     requirements,  it has no  impact  on the  Company's  operating  results  or
     financial  position.  The Company's  adjustment to arrive at  comprehensive
     income (loss) consists of the marketable  securities  valuation  adjustment
     and  is  presented  in  the   accompanying   consolidated   statements   of
     shareholders' equity and comprehensive income (loss).

     Summary of recent accounting pronouncements

     In January  2003,  the FASB  issued  Interpretation  46,  Consolidation  of
     Variable Interest Entities,  an interpretation of ARB 51 ("FIN 46"). FIN 46
     addresses the  consolidation by business  enterprises of variable  interest
     entities,  as  defined  in  the  interpretation.  FIN 46  expands  existing
     accounting  guidance  regarding  when  a  company  should  include  in  its
     financial  statements  the assets,  liabilities  and  activities of another
     entity. The consolidation  requirements apply to variable interest entities
     created  after  January 31, 2003.  Certain of the  disclosure  requirements
     apply in all financial  statements after January 31, 2003. The consolidated
     requirements of FIN 46 apply to any variable interest entity created before
     February 1, 2003 in the first fiscal year or interim period beginning after
     June 15,  2003.  The Company  will fully adopt FIN 46 on July 1, 2003.  The
     Company  has one  entity,  TSG,  which  is not  wholly-owned.  Based on the
     requirements  of FIN 46, the Company  believes that TSG will continue to be
     consolidated  in the same manner it is currently  upon  adoption of FIN 46.
     The Company has not identified any other variable  interest  entities.  The
     application  of  FIN 46 is not  expected  to  have  a  material  effect  on
     the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

     In May 2003,  the FASB issued SFAS 150  "Accounting  for Certain  Financial
     Instruments  With  Characteristics  of Both  Liabilities and Equity".  This
     standard  requires  issuers to classify as liabilities  the following three
     types of freestanding  financial  instruments:  (1) mandatorily  redeemable
     financial  instruments,  (2)  obligations to repurchase the issuer's equity
     shares by  transferring  assets;  and (3)  certain  obligations  to issue a
     variable  number of shares.  The Company will adopt the  provisions of this
     statement,  as required,  on July 1, 2003, and it is not expected to have a
     material effect on the Company's financial position,  results of operations
     or cash flows.

     Reclassifications

     Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2002 consolidated financial
     statements shown for the prior periods in order to have them conform to the
     current period's classifications.


3    Business combination

     On July 9, 2002, the Company acquired all of the outstanding  capital stock
     of NNSI  pursuant  to a Stock  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of January 30,
     2002, as amended,  among Norstan,  Inc. ("Seller") and NNSI, both Minnesota
     corporations, and the Company. NNSI provides multiple source data and voice
     services and related  consulting and professional  services  throughout the
     United  States.  The  acquisition  of  NNSI  provides  the  Company  with a
     competitive  advantage of offering a complete program of internet  security
     and communication services when soliciting customers.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Consideration  was  $7,500,000,  $3,750,000 of which was paid in cash on or
     prior  to  closing  and  $3,750,000  was  payable  under  the  terms  of  a
     non-interest  bearing  promissory  note due July 9, 2003. The $3,750,000 in
     cash paid by the  Company  to the  Seller was  primarily  obtained  through
     equity and debt financing and to a lesser extent from working capital.

     On March 18, 2003, the Company agreed to pay Norstan,  Inc. $2.9 million in
     cash and issued  300,000  shares of its common stock in full  settlement of
     its  outstanding  $3.75  million   non-interest  bearing  promissory  note.
     Management  determined  the fair value of the common shares issued based on
     the quoted market price on such date to be $345,000.  The Company  recorded
     the difference  between the  consideration  given and the carrying value of
     the note as of March 18,  2003 as a gain on  extinguishment  of debt in the
     accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.


     The total purchase  price,  including  acquisition  costs, is summarized as
     follows:

<TABLE>
        <S>                                                    <C>
        Cash paid to Norstan, Inc., on or prior to closing     $       3,750,000
               Promissory note payable*                                3,479,850
               Finders fee                                               350,000
               Professional fees                                         225,500
                                                               -----------------
                                                               $       7,805,350
                                                               =================
<FN>
     *The non-interest  bearing  promissory  note  payable  with a face value of
          $3,750,000 was discounted  using a rate of 7.5% and was due on July 9,
          2003.
</FN>
</TABLE>
     The results of NNSI's  operations  have been  included in our  consolidated
     financial statements commencing July 9, 2002.

     The following  table  summarizes  the  estimated  fair values of the assets
     acquired and liabilities assumed at the July 9, 2002 acquisition date.
<TABLE>
          <S>                                                              <C>
          Current assets                                                   $       2,782,079
          Equipment                                                                   56,300
          Intangible assets not subject to amortization - licenses                   203,000
          Intangible  assets  subject to  amortization  (estimated 5 year
           useful life)                                                            3,376,000
          Goodwill                                                                 3,515,698
                                                                           -----------------
          Total assets acquired                                                    9,933,077
                                                                           -----------------
          Current liabilities                                                     (2,127,727)
                                                                           -----------------
          Total liabilities assumed                                               (2,127,727)
                                                                           -----------------
          Net assets acquired                                              $       7,805,350
                                                                           =================
</TABLE>
                                      F-16
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     The fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill was determined by
     an  independent  appraiser.  The fair value of acquired  intangible  assets
     subject to amortization, as well as their respective estimated useful lives
     and accumulated amortization at June 30, 2003, is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Estimated                           Accumulated
                                                                                       Amortization at
                                                     Useful Life       Fair Value        June 30, 2003
                                                 ----------------  -----------------   ---------------
        <S>                                          <C>           <C>                 <C>
        Contractual customer relationships           5 Years       $       2,436,000   $      476,723
        Computer billing software                    5 Years                 940,000          183,957
</TABLE>
     All of the  goodwill  arising  from  this  acquisition  is  expected  to be
     deductible  for  income  tax  purposes  over a period  of 15  years  and is
     included in the Company's  Telecommunications  segment. Based on intangible
     assets  held at June 30,  2003,  estimated  amortization  of the  Company's
     identifiable intangible assets will equal approximately $675,000 in each of
     the four succeeding fiscal years. Total  amortization  expense for the year
     ended June 30, 2003 on such intangibles was $660,680.

     The following unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of operations and
     comprehensive  loss for the year  ended June 30,  2003 and 2002,  gives pro
     forma  effect to the  completion  of the  acquisition  of NNSI as if it had
     occurred July 1, 2001.  The Company has a fiscal year end of June 30, while
     NNSI had a fiscal year end of April 30. The consolidated  operations of the
     Company  for the year ended June 30,  2002 have been  combined  with NNSI's
     operations for the year ended April 30, 2002. The  consolidated  operations
     of the  Company for the year ended June 30,  2003 have been  combined  with
     NNSI's  operations for the period of July 1, 2002 to July 9, 2002, the date
     of the acquisition.

     The pro forma adjustments are based on estimates, available information and
     certain assumptions  management deems appropriate.  The pro forma financial
     data do not purport to represent what our financial position would actually
     have been if such  transactions  had  occurred  on those  dates and are not
     necessarily   representative  of  our  financial  position  or  results  of
     operations for any future period.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Proforma
                                                          For the year ended
                                                       June 30,             June 30,
                                                        2003                  2002
                                                 -------------------   ----------------
           <S>                                   <C>                    <C>

           Revenue                               $        21,511,459    $    21,880,748
           Net loss from continuing operations
              available to common shareholders   $        (6,847,538)   $    (9,360,336)
           Basic and diluted net loss per
              share from continuing operations   $              (.48)   $          (.80)
           Net loss available to common
              shareholders (including
              discontinued operations)           $        (6,963,635)   $   (10,413,610)
           Basic and diluted net loss per
              share (including discontinued
               operations)                       $              (.54)   $          (.89)
</TABLE>

                                      F-17
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4    Disposal of business segment

     During June 2001, the Company  formally  adopted a plan to discontinue  its
     ComputerCOP  software  operations.  At that time, this operation  consisted
     primarily of ComputerCOP  software  technology,  inventory and property and
     equipment.  At June 30, 2001, the Company accrued a provision for estimated
     losses during the phase out period of  approximately  $497,000.  During the
     year  ended  June  30,  2002,  the  Company  recorded   additional  charges
     aggregating  $1,053,275,  which primarily  represented the cost of salaries
     through  an  extended  disposal  date of  August  31,  2002,  and a revised
     estimate of the total leased facility costs. Effective August 31, 2002, the
     Company ceased all  operations of ComputerCOP  and terminated all remaining
     employees of ComputerCOP.  During the year ended June 30, 2003, the Company
     recorded  activity  related to the  cessation of  operations  and the lease
     payments related to the facility. Accrued losses of discontinued operations
     included  within the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheet at June 30,
     2003 represent  lease payment  obligations on the ComputerCOP  facility.  A
     summary of the operating results of the discontinued operations follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           For the year ended June 30,
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2003                2002                2001
                                                         ------------------  ------------------   -----------------
              <S>                                        <C>                 <C>                  <C>
              Revenue                                    $         -         $         220,267    $         102,525
              Cost of revenue                                      -                    37,970                8,356
              Selling, general and administrative                  117,097           1,135,571            2,213,295
              Amortization                                         -                   -                  1,147,793
              Impairment                                           -                   100,000           2,108,982
                                                         ------------------  ------------------   -----------------
                                                                   117,097           1,053,274            5,375,901
              Loss on disposal of discontinued
                operations                                        (117,097)         (1,053,274)            (650,000)
                                                         ------------------  ------------------   -----------------
              Loss from discontinued operations          $          -        $          -         $      (4,725,901)
                                                         ==================  ==================   =================
</TABLE>
5    Marketable  securities,  available  for sale The  following is a summary of
     marketable securities, available for sale:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Gross
                                                             Amortized        unrealized          Fair
                                                               cost              loss             value
                                                         ---------------   ---------------  -----------------
              <S>                                        <C>               <C>              <C>
              June 30, 2003
              Bonds                                      $         -       $      -         $           -
                                                         ===============   ===============  =================
              June 30, 2002
              Bonds                                      $       195,155   $      (112,905) $        82,250
                                                         ===============   ===============  =================
</TABLE>
     Proceeds from sales of marketable  securities  and realized  losses on such
     sales aggregated $79,954 and $115,201, respectively for the year ended June
     30, 2003.  There were no sales of  marketable  securities  during the years
     ended June 30, 2002 and 2001.

                                      F-18
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

6    Property and equipment, net

     Property and equipment consist of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   June 30,
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                           2003                2002
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
         <S>                                                       <C>                  <C>
         Machinery and equipment                                   $         880,422    $         755,045
         Furniture and fixtures                                              218,497              218,497
         Leasehold improvements                                              142,432              140,875
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
                                                                           1,241,351            1,114,417
         Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization                    (663,159)            (432,022)
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
         Property and equipment, net                               $         578,192    $         682,395
                                                                   =================    =================
</TABLE>

7    Accounts payable and accrued expenses

     Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   June 30,
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                           2003                2002
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
         <S>                                                       <C>                  <C>
         Trade accounts payable and other accrued operating
            expenses                                               $       2,648,242    $         490,311
         Sales, excise and universal services charges payable                518,120              -
         Dividends payable                                                   453,179              -
         Compensated absences                                                388,272              182,671
         Provider settlement obligation                                      205,000              -
         Other liabilities                                                   199,370                1,039
         Bonuses and commissions payable                                     101,069                1,300
         Accrued taxes                                                       100,000               -
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
                                                                   $       4,613,252    $         675,321
                                                                   =================    =================
</TABLE>

8    Current maturities of long-term debt

     Current maturities of long-term debt consists of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   June 30,
                                                                   --------------------------------------
                                                                           2003                2002
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
         <S>                                                       <C>                  <C>

         Notes payable to Duffy-Vinet Institute, Inc.              $          -         $         242,982
         Finders fee payable                                                 120,000              120,000
                                                                   -----------------    -----------------
                                                                   $         120,000    $         362,982
                                                                   =================    =================
</TABLE>
                                      F-19
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     On March 26,  2003,  the Company  paid $7,500 in full  settlement  of notes
     payable to the Duffy- Vinet  Institute,  Inc., which were assumed by TSG in
     connection with its acquisition of Sales and Management Consulting, Inc. At
     the  time,  the  notes  had a  carrying  value  of  approximately  $304,000
     representing unpaid principal and accrued interest. The settlement resulted
     in a gain on  extinguishments of debt of approximately  $297,000,  which is
     included in the  accompanying  consolidated  statements of  operations  and
     comprehensive loss.

     In connection with the Company's purchase of ComputerCOP  Corporation,  the
     Company incurred finder fees of $960,000,  $360,000 of which are payable at
     $10,000 per month over 36 months  commencing on March 1, 2000.  The Company
     has ceased making  payments on the debt in the current  fiscal year and has
     classified all amounts due as current liabilities.



9    Shareholders' equity

     Common stock issuances

     Management determined the fair value of all common stock issuances based on
     each respective issuance's quoted market price at the measurement date.

     For the year ended June 30, 2001,  the Company issued 575,000 shares of its
     common stock as follows:

          --   In August  2000,  150,000  unregistered  shares  were issued to a
               consulting firm for services rendered, which resulted in a charge
               to  operations of $807,000 and is included in sales and marketing
               in the  consolidated  statements of operations and  comprehensive
               loss. One of the Company's employees,  who is also a shareholder,
               has an ownership interest in this consulting firm.

          --   On May 14, 2001 and in connection with the Company  entering into
               a one year  agreement with its  investment  bankers,  the Company
               issued 400,000 unregistered shares. The fair value of the shares,
               $1,156,000,  was amortized  over the life of the agreement and is
               included  in  general  and  administrative  in  the  consolidated
               statements of operations and  comprehensive  loss. The investment
               bankers have demand  registration  rights on the shares issued 90
               days after the commencement of the agreement.

          --   In  June  2001,  25,000  unregistered  shares  were  issued  to a
               consulting firm for services rendered, which resulted in a charge
               to   operations  of  $89,250  and  is  included  in  general  and
               administrative  in the consolidated  statements of operations and
               comprehensive loss.

     For the year ended June 30, 2002,  the Company issued  3,439,506  shares of
     its common stock as follows:

          --   On July 9, 2001, the Company  completed a private  placement with
               Pequot Partners Fund, L.P. and Pequot  International  Fund, Inc.,
               two funds managed by Pequot Capital Management,  Inc. The Company
               sold 1,200,000  shares of unregistered  common stock at $2.50 per
               share (a total of $3,000,000).

          --   In July  2001,  the  Company  completed  a private  placement  to
               accredited  investors  for  $325,000  through the sale of 130,000
               shares of unregistered common stock at $2.50 per share.

          --   In July 2001, and in consideration for the termination of a three
               year employment  agreement,  the Company issued 150,000 shares of
               unregistered  common stock to such employee,  which resulted in a
               charge to fiscal 2002 operations of $487,500.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

          --   In November 2001, the Company completed  private  placements with
               Credit Suisse Asset  Management,  LLC, and Whiffletree  Partners,
               LP, which is managed by Palisade Capital Management, LLC, whereby
               the Company sold an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of unregistered
               common stock at $2.00 per share (a total of $3,000,000) exclusive
               of commissions and professional  services  aggregating  $310,000,
               $300,000  of which was paid to a company in which an  employee of
               NetWolves has an ownership interest.

          --   In November 2001, and in  consideration  for the termination of a
               three year  employment  agreement,  the  Company  issued  200,000
               shares of  unregistered  common  stock and a warrant to  purchase
               100,000  shares of  unregistered  common stock to such  employee,
               which resulted in a charge to loss from  discontinued  operations
               of  $320,000  (exclusive  of $150,000  which had been  previously
               accrued).

          --   In  January  2002,   the  Company   issued   100,000   shares  of
               unregistered   common  stock  for   professional  and  consulting
               services relating to potential business acquisitions to a company
               in which an employee of NetWolves  has an ownership  interest.  A
               portion of the cost of such  issuance has been  included in other
               current  assets in the  consolidated  balance  sheets at June 30,
               2002.

          --   During the year the  Company  issued a total of 30,000  shares of
               unregistered  common stock to two  consultants  for  professional
               services, which resulted in a charge to fiscal 2002 operations of
               $68,300.

          --   A total of  129,506  shares of the  Company's  common  stock were
               issued to  individuals  upon the  cashless  exercise  of warrants
               previously issued to these individuals.

     For the year ended June 30, 2003,  the Company issued  3,240,000  shares of
     its common stock as follows:

          --   In January 2003, the Company entered into a three-year consulting
               agreement.  In return for services,  the Company  issued  100,000
               shares of the Company's unregistered common stock.  Additionally,
               the Company granted an immediately  exercisable five-year warrant
               to purchase  350,000  shares of the Company's  common stock at an
               exercise price of $1.50 per share.  The fair value of the 100,000
               shares issued is being revalued  monthly and the aggregate  value
               of the unearned shares at June 30, 2003,  totaling  $104,758,  is
               included  in  unamortized  value of  equity  compensation  in the
               accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets.  During May 2003, the
               agreement  was  revised to  increase  the amount of  unregistered
               common stock issued to the  consultant by 150,000  shares and the
               period for which  services are to be performed was shortened by 4
               months.  The 150,000 shares have been included in common stock in
               the accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets but as of June 30,
               2003  have  not  been  released  by  the  transfer  agent  due to
               administrative  reasons.  These shares were issued  shortly after
               June 30, 2003.  The aggregate fair value of the earned shares for
               the year ended June 30, 2003, $38,305, is included in general and
               administrative   expense   in   the   accompanying   consolidated
               statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

          --   In March 2003, the Company issued 300,000 shares of  unregistered
               common  stock to  Norstan,  Inc. in addition to cash paid of $2.9
               million  in full  settlement  of its  outstanding  $3.75  million
               non-interest bearing promissory note.

          --   On June 1, 2003 the Company entering into two 30 month agreements
               with   consultants.   Each  consultant  will  be  issued  300,000
               unregistered  shares,  which vest at the  monthly  rate of 10,000
               shares. The aggregate fair value of the vested shares at June 30,
               2003, $22,000, is included in general and administrative  expense
               in the  accompanying  consolidated  statements of operations  and
               comprehensive loss. The shares have been included in common stock
               in the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets but as of June
               30,  2003 have not been  released  by the  transfer  agent due to
               administrative  reasons.  These shares were issued  shortly after
               June 30, 2003.

                                      F-21
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

          --   During June 2003, the Company issued a total of 465,000 shares of
               unregistered  common stock to three  consultants for professional
               services  rendered,  which  resulted  in a charge to general  and
               administrative   expense   of   $492,900   in  the   accompanying
               consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The
               shares  have been  included in common  stock in the  accompanying
               consolidated balance sheets but as of June 30, 2003 have not been
               released by the  transfer  agent due to  administrative  reasons.
               These shares were issued shortly after June 30, 2003.

          --   During June 2003, the Company issued a total of 1,400,000  shares
               of unregistered  common stock to certain members of its executive
               management team. The aggregate value of the shares, $1,484,000 is
               included   in   general   and   administrative   expense  in  the
               consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The
               shares  have been  included in common  stock in the  accompanying
               consolidated balance sheets but as of June 30, 2003 have not been
               released by the  transfer  agent due to  administrative  reasons.
               These shares were issued shortly after June 30, 2003.

          --   During  June,   2003,   the  Company   sold  100,000   shares  of
               unregistered common stock during the year to accredited investors
               at  $1  per  share   exclusive   of   commissions   and  fees  of
               approximately  5%. The shares have been  included in common stock
               in the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheets but as of June
               30,  2003 have not been  released  by the  transfer  agent due to
               administrative reasons.

          --   During  June,   2003,   the  Company  issued  125,000  shares  of
               unregistered  common stock to an  employee/stockholder  for legal
               services  related  to  the  Series  A,  B and C  preferred  stock
               offerings.  The  aggregate  value of the  shares,  $132,500,  was
               recorded as a reduction of proceeds to additional paid in capital
               in the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheet. The share have
               been  included in common stock in the  accompanying  consolidated
               balance  sheets but as of June 30, 2003 have not been released by
               the transfer agent due to  administrative  reasons.  These shares
               were issued shortly after June 30, 2003.

     Preferred Stock

     On July 16, 2002 the Company amended its Certificate of  Incorporation,  as
     authorized by its Board of Directors,  by designating  1,000,000  shares of
     its 2,000,000  shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible  Preferred
     Stock, par value $.0033 per share ("Series A Preferred Stock").

     Cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accrue at a rate of 8%
     per annum from the date of issuance through June 30, 2004 and thereafter at
     a rate of 12% per  annum  and will be  payable  annually  at the  Company's
     option in cash or Series A Preferred Stock.  Cumulative preferred dividends
     in arrears on the Series A Preferred  Stock were $299,513 at June 30, 2003.
     Each share of the Series A Preferred  Stock was  originally  convertible at
     the  holders'  option  into 10  shares  of common  stock.  Pursuant  to the
     antidilution  provision  of the  Series A  Preferred  Stock,  each share of
     Series A Preferred  Stock is now  convertible  into 18.75  shares of common
     stock.  Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will have ten votes and will
     vote as a single class with holders of the Company's common stock.

     Through June 30, 2003,  the Company has issued 269,462 shares of its Series
     A Preferred Stock for a total cash consideration of $4,041,972.  The shares
     were  issued  in  connection  with a  private  offering  of  the  Company's
     securities  pursuant  to  which  shareholders  also  received  warrants  to
     purchase shares of the Company's  common stock at an initial exercise price
     equal to $1.65 per  share.  Five  warrants  were  issued  for each share of
     Series A Preferred  Stock.  The  warrants  have an exercise  price equal to
     $1.65 per share and are exercisable for five years from the issuance date.

                                      F-22
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Approximately  $3,000,000  of the  proceeds  from the sale of the  Series A
     Preferred Stock was used to purchase the outstanding capital stock of NNSI.

     On October 30, 2002, the Company amended its Certificate of  Incorporation,
     as authorized by its Board of Directors,  by designating  500,000 shares of
     its 2,000,000  shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible  Preferred
     Stock, par value $.0033 per share ("Series B Preferred Stock").

     Cumulative dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock accrue at a rate of 8%
     per annum from the date of issuance through January 31, 2005 and thereafter
     at a rate of 12% per annum and will be payable  annually  at the  Company's
     option in cash or Series B Preferred Stock.  Cumulative preferred dividends
     in arrears on the Series B Preferred  Stock were $152,111 at June 30, 2003.
     Each share of the Series B Preferred  Stock is  convertible at the holders'
     option  into 20 shares of common  stock.  Each share of Series B  Preferred
     Stock will have ten votes and will vote as a single  class with  holders of
     the Company's common stock.

     Through June 30, 2003,  the Company has issued 290,963 shares of its Series
     B Preferred Stock for a total cash consideration of $4,655,300.  The shares
     were  issued  in  connection  with a  private  offering  of  the  Company's
     securities  pursuant  to  which  shareholders  also  received  warrants  to
     purchase shares of the Company's  common stock at an initial exercise price
     equal to $1.25 per  share.  Five  warrants  were  issued  for each share of
     Series B Preferred  Stock.  The  warrants  have an exercise  price equal to
     $1.25 per share and are exercisable for five years from the issuance date.

     The Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation,  as authorized by its
     Board of Directors,  by designating  100,000 shares of its 2,000,000 shares
     of  preferred  stock as Series C  Convertible  Preferred  Stock,  par value
     $.0033 per share ("Series C Preferred Stock").

     Cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock accrue at a rate of 7%
     per annum from the date of issuance  through April 30, 2005 and  thereafter
     at a rate of 9% per annum and will be  payable  annually  at the  Company's
     option in cash or Series C  Preferred  Stock.  Each  share of the  Series C
     Preferred  Stock is  convertible  at the holders'  option into 60 shares of
     common  stock.  Each share of Series C  Preferred  Stock will have  fifteen
     votes and will vote as a single class with holders of the Company's  common
     stock.

     Through June 30, 2003,  the Company has issued 2,850 shares of its Series C
     Preferred Stock for a total cash consideration of $171,000. The shares were
     issued in connection  with a private  offering of the Company's  securities
     pursuant to which shareholders also received warrants to purchase shares of
     the Company's  common stock at an initial exercise price equal to $1.50 per
     share. Six warrants were issued for each share of Series C Preferred Stock.
     The  warrants  have an  exercise  price  equal to $1.50  per  share and are
     exercisable for five years from the issuance date.

     Proceeds  from the  issuance  of the  preferred  stock  and  warrants  were
     allocated to preferred  stock and to additional  paid-in capital based upon
     their relative fair value. Additionally, after allocating the proceeds, the
     Company  determined that there was a beneficial  conversion feature for the
     Series A, B and C Preferred Stock,  totaling $27,605,  $111,277 and $0, for
     the year ended June 30, 2003, respectively,  which has been included in the
     accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

     As of June 30,  2003,  approximately  11,043,000  shares  of the  Company's
     common stock are issuable upon conversion of preferred stock.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Stock option plans

     The  Company's  Stock Option Plans (the  "Plans"),  authorize  the Board of
     Directors to grant nonstatutory stock options to employees and directors to
     purchase up to a total of 8,932,500  shares of the Company's  common stock.
     Generally,  options  granted under the Plans vest ratably over three years.
     If any  award  under  the  Plans  terminates,  expires  unexercised,  or is
     canceled,  the  shares of  common  stock  that  would  otherwise  have been
     issuable  pursuant  thereto will be available for issuance  pursuant to the
     grant of new awards.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Approximate
                                                             Maximum         net cumulative
                                                            allowable          issuances        Maximum
                     Plans            Date adopted          issuances         June 30, 2003    term in years
             -------------------  -------------------   -----------------  -----------------   -------------
                  <S>                <C>                        <C>                <C>                  <C>
                  1998 Plan            June 1998                  282,500            112,000             10
                  2000 Plan            July 2000                1,500,000          1,206,700             10
                  2001 Plan          February 2001              1,750,000            500,000             10
                  2002 Plan            June 2002                3,000,000          2,092,500             10
                  2003 Plan            June 2003                2,400,000             50,000             10
                                                        -----------------  -----------------
                                                                8,932,500          3,961,200
                                                        =================  =================
</TABLE>
     Warrants

     For the year ended June 30, 2001, the Company granted  warrants to purchase
     its common stock as follows:

          --   In May 2001, seven  consultants were granted warrants to purchase
               a total of 105,000  shares of common  stock,  at exercise  prices
               ranging  from  $4 to $5  per  share.  All  of  the  warrants  are
               immediately exercisable and have terms ranging from 2 to 5 years.
               The value of the warrants  resulted in a charge to  operations of
               approximately  $197,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2001,
               portions   of  which   have  been   included   in   general   and
               administrative  and  sales  and  marketing  in  the  consolidated
               statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

     For the year ended June 30, 2002, the Company granted  warrants to purchase
     its common stock as follows:

          --   In February  2002, a consultant was granted a warrant to purchase
               a total of 100,000  shares of common stock,  at an exercise price
               of $2.94 per share.  The warrant is immediately  exercisable  and
               has a term of 3 years.  The value of the  warrant  resulted  in a
               charge to operations of  approximately  $128,000  during the year
               ended June 30,  2002,  which has been  included  in  general  and
               administrative  in the consolidated  statements of operations and
               comprehensive loss.

     For the year ended June 30, 2003, the Company granted  warrants to purchase
     its common stock as follows:

          --   In November 2002, the Company  entered into a renewable  one-year
               consulting agreement. In return for services, the Company granted
               a five-year  warrant to purchase  200,000 shares of the Company's
               common  stock  at an  exercise  price  of $1.00  per  share.  The
               warrants  vest at a rate of 10,000  per month and  resulted  in a
               charge to operations of  approximately  $34,000  through June 30,
               2003, at which time the remaining  130,000 unvested warrants were
               cancelled due to termination of the consulting agreement.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

          --   In  January  2003,  a  consultant   was  granted  an  immediately
               exercisable four-year warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of common
               stock at an  exercise  price of $1.00.  The value of the  warrant
               resulted  in a charge  to  operations  of  approximately  $16,000
               during the year ended June 30, 2003, which is included in general
               and  administrative  expense  in  the  accompanying  consolidated
               statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

          --   In January 2003, the Company entered into a three-year consulting
               agreement.  In return for services,  the Company  issued  100,000
               shares of unregistered  common stock.  Additionally,  the Company
               granted an immediately  exercisable five-year warrant to purchase
               350,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price
               of $1.50 per share. During May 2003, the agreement was revised to
               increase  the amount of  unregistered  common stock issued to the
               consultant  by 150,000  shares and the period for which  services
               are to be performed was  shortened by 4 months.  The value of the
               warrant  is  determined  monthly as the  warrants  vest using the
               Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The value of the warrants for
               the year ended June 30,  2003,  was  $51,287  and is  included in
               general   and   administrative   expense   in  the   accompanying
               consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

          --   In April 2003,  a consultant  was granted a five-year  warrant to
               purchase  a total  of  750,000  shares  of  common  stock,  at an
               exercise price of $1.00 per share.  The warrants vest as follows:
               250,000 in April  2003,  250,000 in October  2004 and  250,000 in
               April  2006.  The  value  of the  warrant  is  determined  at the
               respective  vesting dates using the Black-Scholes  option-pricing
               model.  The value of the  warrants  for the year  ended  June 30,
               2003,  was $37,875 and is included in general and  administrative
               expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
               and comprehensive loss.

          --   In June 2003, a consultant was granted an immediately exercisable
               three-year  warrant to purchase  60,000 shares of common stock at
               an  exercise  price of $1.05 per share.  The value of the warrant
               resulted  in a charge  to  operations  of  approximately  $35,000
               during the year ended June 30, 2003, which is included in general
               and  administrative  expense  in  the  accompanying  consolidated
               statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

          --   During 2003, the Company granted 632,326 three-year  warrants and
               155,000 four-year warrants with exercise prices ranging from $.80
               to $1.50 to investment  bankers in conjunction with the Series A,
               B and C  preferred  stock  offerings.  The value of the  warrants
               totaling  approximately  $510,000  was recorded as a reduction to
               preferred stock in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.


     The  value  of  the  warrants  were  calculated  using  the   Black-Scholes
     option-pricing  model with the following  assumptions:  no dividend  yield,
     expected  volatility  of 85%, 75% and 75% for fiscal  2003,  2002 and 2001,
     respectively,  risk-free  interest  rates ranging from 1.75% to 3.81%,  and
     expected life equaling the term of each respective warrant.

                                      F-25
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     Summary of options and warrants

     The  following  is a summary  of all of the  Company's  stock  options  and
     warrants  that were  described  in detail  above.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                    average
                                                               Number               exercise
                                                            options and             price per
                                                             warrants                 share
                                                        ----------------          -----------
         <S>                                                   <C>                <C>

         Outstanding at June 30, 2000                          3,056,833          $      6.29
              Granted                                          4,830,250          $      4.63
              Exercised                                                -          $       -
              Forfeited                                         (752,583)         $      8.23
                                                         ----------------
         Outstanding at June 30, 2001                          7,134,500          $      4.96
              Granted                                            719,700          $      3.43
              Exercised                                         (129,506)         $      1.63
              Forfeited                                         (250,494)         $      5.29
                                                         ----------------
         Outstanding at June 30, 2002                          7,474,200          $      4.86
                                                         ----------------
              Granted                                          7,255,551          $      1.11
              Exercised                                                -          $
              Forfeited                                       (1,606,333)         $      1.67
                                                         ----------------
         Outstanding at June 30, 2003                         13,123,418          $      2.77
                                                         ================
</TABLE>

     At June 30, 2003, there were approximately  4,971,300 options available for
     future issuance.

     The  following  table  summarizes  information  about all of the  Company's
     options and warrants outstanding at June 30, 2003:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Options and warrants                Options and warrants
                                                     outstanding at                      exercisable at
                                                      June 30, 2003                       June 30, 2003
                                      ------------------------------------------  -------------------------
                                                       Weighted
                                                        average       Weighted                     Weighted
                                                       remaining      average                       average
                  Range of              Number of     contractual     exercise      Number of      exercise
               exercise prices            shares          life           price        Shares          price
               ---------------        ------------   -------------  ------------  ------------   ----------
         <S>                             <C>               <C>      <C>             <C>          <C>

         $      0.80-$1.50               5,676,741         4.09     $     1.05      3,184,241    $     1.18
         $      1.63-$1.75               2,313,977         4.14     $     1.66      2,313,977    $     1.64
         $      2.94-$3.00                 106,000         1.72     $     2.94        104,000    $     2.94
         $      4.00-$4.82               1,945,000         2.76     $     4.02      1,945,000    $     4.02
         $      5.00-$5.25               2,215,700         2.20     $     5.11      2,201,234    $     5.11
         $      6.00-$9.50                 162,500         2.38     $     6.03        108,334    $     6.03
         $     10.00-$13.00                622,000         3.06     $    10.93        616,000    $    10.92
         $     15.00-$18.00                 81,500         1.42     $    17.91         81,500    $    17.91
                                      ------------                                 ----------
                                        13,123,418                                 10,554,286
                                      ============                                 ==========
</TABLE>
     Options exercisable as of June 30, 2002 and June 30, 2001 was 6,312,000 and
     6,345,832, respectively.

                                      F-26
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     All employee based stock compensation awards issued for the year ended June
     30, 2003 had no intrinsic value and, accordingly,  resulted in no charge to
     operations in such period.

10   Segment information

     The Company reports segments in accordance with SFAS 131 "Disclosures about
     Segments of an Enterprise  and Related  Information".  As of June 30, 2003,
     the  Company  and its  subsidiaries  operate  in  three  separate  business
     segments,  the Technology segment, the  Telecommunications  segment and the
     Management   and  Consulting   segment.   These   operating   segments  are
     representative  of the Company's  management  approach to its evaluation of
     its  operations.  The  accounting  policies  of  the  reportable  operating
     segments  are the same as those  described  in the  summary of  significant
     accounting policies. The Technology segment,  which operates worldwide,  is
     primarily  engaged in the  design,  development,  marketing  and support of
     information delivery hardware products and software. The Telecommunications
     segment,  which operates  domestically,  provides  multiple source data and
     voice  services  and related  consulting  and  professional  services.  The
     Management and Consulting segment,  which operates  domestically,  provides
     management and  consulting  services  primarily to the automotive  industry
     throughout the United States.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          For the year ended June 30,
                                                      ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             2003                2002              2001
                                                      ----------------    ----------------  ----------------
         <S>                                          <C>                 <C>               <C>
         Revenue
              Technology                              $        488,315    $        404,498  $        487,588
              Telecommunications                            20,349,748             -                 -
              Management and consulting                        321,396             334,250           937,550
                                                      ----------------    ----------------  ----------------
                  Total                               $     21,159,459    $        738,748  $      1,425,138
                                                      ================    ================  ================
         Operating (loss) income
              Technology                              $     (6,426,864)   $    (10,127,644) $    (14,460,314)
              Telecommunications                             2,097,911             -                 -
              Management and consulting                        (90,857)           (538,428)       (1,441,735)
              Other                                         (2,152,345)            -                 -
                                                      ----------------    ----------------  ----------------
                  Total                               $     (6,572,155)   $    (10,666,072) $    (15,902,049)
                                                      ================    ================  ================
</TABLE>
                                      F-27
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         June 30,
                                                                          ----------------------------------

                                                                                 2003               2002
                                                                          -----------------  ---------------
         <S>                                                              <C>                <C>
         Identifiable assets
              Technology                                                  $       1,250,289  $      3,114,692
              Telecommunications                                                 10,047,700           -
              Management and consulting                                              13,549            45,143
              Other                                                                     574           -
                                                                          -----------------  ---------------
                                                                                 11,312,112         3,159,835
              Net assets of discontinued operations                                  16,225            64,619
                                                                          -----------------  ---------------
                  Total                                                   $      11,328,337  $      3,224,454
                                                                          =================  ================
</TABLE>

         Net revenue by geographic area follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       For the year ended June 30,
                                                      -----------------------------------------------------
                                                             2003               2002              2001
                                                      ----------------   ----------------  ----------------
         <S>                                          <C>                <C>               <C>
         Revenue
              United States                           $     20,895,276   $        686,882  $      1,115,838
              Foreign                                          264,183             51,866           309,300
                                                      ----------------   ----------------  ----------------
                  Total                               $     21,159,459   $        738,748  $      1,425,138
                                                      ================   ================  ================
</TABLE>
     The Company incurred  interest  expense of $6,682,  $184,378 and $11,925 in
     the  Technology,  Telecommunications  and  the  Management  and  Consulting
     segments,  respectively for the year ended June 30, 2003. Additionally, the
     Company incurred  depreciation  expense of $201,997,  $34,985 and $0 in the
     Technology,  Telecommunications and the Management and Consulting segments,
     respectively, for the year ended June 30, 2003.

     The Company had two major customers in the Telecommunication  segment which
     accounted  for 32%  (Swift  Transportation)  and  11%  (Norstan,  Inc.)  of
     consolidated  revenue for the year ended June 30, 2003 and two customers in
     the   Telecommunication   segment   which   accounted   for  14%  and  11%,
     respectively,  of  consolidated  accounts  receivable at June 30, 2003. The
     Company had one major customer in the Technology  segment,  which accounted
     for 34% of  consolidated  revenue for the year ended June 30, 2002 and four
     customers,  one in the  Technology  segment and three in the Management and
     Consulting segment that accounted for 29%, 10%, 13% and 21% of consolidated
     accounts  receivable,  respectively,  at June 30, 2002. The Company had two
     major  customers,  one in the Technology  segment and one in the Management
     and Consulting segment, which accounted for 21% and 35%,  respectively,  of
     consolidated  revenue for the year ended June 30, 2001.  Additionally,  the
     Technology segment was dependent upon one customer,  who accounted for 80%,
     62% and 60% of the  segment's  revenues  for the year ended June 30,  2003,
     2002 and 2001, respectively.

                                      F-28
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

11   Income taxes

     The provision for income taxes consists of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     For the year ended June 30,
                                                         -------------------------------------------------
                                                               2003              2002             2001
                                                         ---------------   ----------------  -------------
              <S>                                        <C>               <C>               <C>
              Current - Federal and States               $    129,300      $       -         $       -
              Deferred - Federal                                 -                 -                 -
              Deferred - States                                  -                 -                 -
                                                         ---------------   ----------------  -------------
              Provision for income taxes                 $    129,300      $       -         $       -
                                                         ===============   ================  =============
</TABLE>
     The following  table  summarizes the  significant  differences  between the
     Federal  statutory  tax  rate  and the  Company's  effective  tax  rate for
     financial reporting purposes:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     For the year ended June 30,
                                                         -----------------------------------------------
                                                               2003              2002             2001
                                                         ---------------   ---------------  ------------
              <S>                                              <C>               <C>              <C>
              Federal statutory tax rate                       (34.0)%           (34.0)%          (34.0)%
              State and local taxes net of Federal
                Tax effect                                      (4.5)            (6.0)            (6.0)
              Stock and option compensation                       -                 .4               .8
              Other items                                         -                -                (.1)
              Loss on disposal                                    -                -                1.1
              Depreciation & amortization                         -                -                 .5
              Impairment                                          -                -                5.8
              Permanent differences                               .5                .2               .2
              Valuation allowance on deferred tax
                Asset                                           36.0              39.4             31.7
                                                         ---------------   ---------------  ------------
              Effective tax rate                                (2.0)%             0.0%             0.0%
                                                         ===============   ===============  ============
</TABLE>
     The tax effects of temporary  differences and carryforwards  that give rise
     to deferred tax assets or liabilities are summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        June 30,
                                                                        --------------------------------------
                                                                               2003                  2002
                                                                        -----------------    -----------------
                  <S>                                                   <C>                  <C>
                  Non deductible reserves and other                     $         855,000    $         216,000
                  Loss on disposal of discontinued operations                      85,000              148,000
                  Net operating loss carryforward                              21,263,000           16,246,000
                  Intangible assets                                               173,000            2,407,000
                  Valuation allowance on net deferred tax asset               (22,376,000)         (19,017,000)
                                                                        -----------------    -----------------

                           Deferred tax asset, net                      $            -       $            -
                                                                        =================    =================
</TABLE>
                                      F-29
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Due to the history of net  operating  losses for income tax  purposes,  the
     Company has provided for full valuation  allowances on the net deferred tax
     asset due to it being more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will
     not be utilized.

     At June 30, 2003, the Company has net tax operating loss  carryforwards  of
     approximately  $53.0  million.  A  portion  or all of these  losses  may be
     subject to Section  382 of the  Internal  Revenue  Code and  therefore  not
     available to offset future income tax liabilities.  The carryforward losses
     expire in the years 2013 through 2023 and have not been  recognized  in the
     accompanying  consolidated  financial statements as a result of a valuation
     allowance against the deferred tax asset.

12   Related party transactions

     In August  2000,  150,000  unregistered  shares were issued to a consulting
     firm for services rendered (Note 9). One of the Company's employees, who is
     also a shareholder,  has an ownership  interest in this consulting firm. In
     December 2000, the Company  reduced the exercise price of 300,000  warrants
     previously issued to this consulting firm to $5 per share and shortened the
     remaining term of the warrant to three years, which resulted in a charge to
     operations  of $468,000  that is  included  in general  and  administrative
     expenses.  The market  price of the  Company's  common stock at the time of
     this reduction was $4.188 per share.

     In July 2001,  the  Company  paid  $300,000  for  marketing  services  to a
     consulting  firm in which one of the  Company's  employees has an ownership
     interest.   This  amount  is  included  in  sales  and   marketing  in  the
     consolidated  statements of operations and comprehensive  loss for the year
     ended June 30, 2001.

     On July 10, 2002, the Company received advances from four individuals,  one
     of whom is an officer  and  director  of the  Company  and another who is a
     director of the  Company,  aggregating  $600,000,  of which,  $450,000  was
     subsequently  repaid  to three  of  those  individuals.  The  advances  are
     non-interest bearing, due on demand and have no scheduled repayment terms.

     On November 1, 2002, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a
     corporation whose majority owner is also a shareholder of the Company,  for
     marketing and new business development opportunities,  as well as strategic
     advisory services.  The agreement  commenced effective November 1, 2002 and
     required payments of $20,000 per month,  cancelable at the Company's option
     upon 30 days  notice.  The  agreement  was  superceded  by a new  agreement
     effective June 1, 2003, which requires issuance of 300,000 shares of common
     stock that vest at a rate of 10,000  shares  monthly.  The new agreement is
     cancelable at the Company's option upon 90 days notice.

     On June 1, 2003 the Company entering into a 30 month  consulting  agreement
     with a corporation whose majority owner is also an employee of the Company,
     for  marketing  and  new  business  development  opportunities,  as well as
     strategic advisory  services.  Under the terms of the agreement the Company
     will issue 150,000  unregistered  shares, which vest at the monthly rate of
     10,000 shares.  The agreement is cancelable at the Company's option upon 90
     days notice.

     During June 2003, the Company issued 250,000 shares of unregistered  common
     stock  to a  corporation  whose  majority  owner  is also an  employee  and
     stockholder,  which  resulted  in a charge to  fiscal  2003  operations  of
     $265,000.

     During June, 2003, the Company issued 125,000 shares of unregistered common
     stock to an  employee/stockholder  for legal services related to the Series
     A, B and C preferred  stock  offerings.  The aggregate value of the shares,
     $132,500,  was  recorded as a reduction of proceeds to  additional  paid in
     capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

                                      F-30
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     During  the year  ended  June 30,  2003,  the  Company  paid  approximately
     $185,000 for legal  services to law firms in which an  employee/stockholder
     is affiliated.

13   Major customers/significant agreements

     Sprint Communications Company L.P.

     During August 2002,  the Company  entered into two  agreements  with Sprint
     Communications   Company  L.P.  ("Sprint")  to  provide   telecommunication
     services to the Company's  customers.  The agreement for switched  services
     has a term of 28 months and the  agreement  for the data and  private  line
     services has a term of 24 months.  The Company made  purchases  from Sprint
     that aggregated approximately 84% of the total cost of revenue for the year
     ended June 30, 2003.  The Company has a commitment to purchase a minimum of
     $1,000,000 of telecommunication services monthly from Sprint.

     General Electric Company

     On June 29, 2000,  NetWolves and General  Electric  Company ("GE") signed a
     contract  for  the  master  purchase,   license  and  support  services  of
     NetWolves' security, remote monitoring and configuration management system.
     GE is using the Company's products for  interconnectivity  of its worldwide
     offices.

     The  contract  is for a term of six  years  and can be  extended  for  four
     additional  one-year periods unless prior notice of non-renewal is given by
     either party as defined in the  agreement.  The  contract  provides for the
     Company to receive a fee upon  shipment  of each  unit,  and an  additional
     one-time configuration and installation fee. Additionally, upon shipment of
     each unit,  GE has the right to purchase from the Company  support  service
     and annual  monitoring and  management  service on an annual basis ("Annual
     Services").  The Annual Services shall continue at the same rate per annum,
     at GE's  discretion,  provided  that GE requests  such services at any time
     during a subsequent year. GE is required to pay fees for Annual Services in
     full  from  the  expiration  date of the  prior  year  period  and  revenue
     generated from the Annual Services is recognized over the service period.

14   Provider liabilities

     During the transition  period of the Company's  newly acquired  subsidiary,
     NNSI, the Company was the target of a theft of telecommunications services.
     The Company is currently working with one of its major providers to resolve
     this issue and currently  believes its obligation to approximate  $205,000.
     Accordingly,  the  Company  has  accrued  such  amount in the  accompanying
     consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2003.

     As a result of this theft of  telecommunications  services,  management has
     since  enacted new internal  controls at the  subsidiary  level in order to
     deter future  occurrences  of this nature.  It is the opinion of management
     that the outcome of this matter will not have a material  adverse effect on
     the Company's operations or financial condition.

                                      F-31
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14   Commitments and contingencies

     Leases

     The  Company has  entered  into  several  leases for office  space,  office
     equipment and vehicles.  At June 30, 2003, the  approximate  future minimum
     annual lease payments, are summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Fiscal year ending June 30,
             <S>                       <C>
             2004                      $        635,000
             2005                               616,000
             2006                               278,000
             2007                                 6,000
                                       ----------------
                                       $      1,535,000
                                       ================
</TABLE>
     The above  future  minimum  annual  lease  payments  include  approximately
     $235,000 in payments for discontinued operations.

     Total rent expense (excluding discontinued  operations) for the years ended
     June  30,  2003,  2002  and  2001 was  $648,784,  $590,508,  and  $576,914,
     respectively.

     Employment agreements

     In August 2000 the  Company  entered  into an  employment  agreement  for a
     period  of  three  years  and  grants  the  employee/stockholder,   who  is
     affiliated  with a law firm who  provided  legal  services to the  Company,
     warrants to  purchase  275,000  shares of common  stock of the Company at a
     purchase  price of $5.125  per  share,  subject  to a vesting  schedule  as
     specified in such agreement.

     During October 2000, the Company  entered into  employment  agreements with
     certain  members of its executive  management  team.  All of the employment
     agreements provide for certain payments following death or disability,  for
     certain fringe benefits such as reimbursement  for reasonable  expenses and
     participation in medical plans,  and for accelerated  payments in the event
     of change of control of the Company. The specific terms are as follows:

          --   The agreement with the Chief  Executive  Officer is for a term of
               five  years at an annual  salary of  $275,000  subject to cost of
               living increments.

          --   The  agreement  with the Senior Vice  President  is for a term of
               three years, subject to two additional one-year extensions, at an
               annual salary of $175,000.

          --   The agreement with the Vice President of Finance is for a term of
               three years, subject to two additional one-year extensions, at an
               annual salary of $150,000.

     Benefit plans

     The Company has established a 401(k) defined  contribution plan.  Employees
     21 years or older  with at least six  months of  service  are  eligible  to
     participate  in the  plan.  Participants  may  elect  to  contribute,  on a

                                      F-32
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     tax-deferred basis, up to 15% of their compensation, not to exceed $12,000,
     in 2003.  The  Company did not make any  contributions  to the plan for the
     years ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001.

15   Legal matters

     Anicom Inc.

     On April 19, 2000, Anicom,  Inc. commenced an action against the Company in
     the U.S. District Court for the Northern  District of Illinois.  The action
     was based upon NetWolves' alleged failure to deliver  approximately  74,842
     shares  of its  common  stock to  Anicom,  upon  exercise  by Anicom of the
     Company's warrants.  The action sought specific  performance as well as any
     damages  that may have  resulted  from a  diminution  in value of NetWolves
     common stock.

     On November 16, 2000, and in connection  with the  litigation,  the Company
     and Anicom reached a settlement  (the  "Settlement  Agreement").  Under the
     Settlement  Agreement  the  allegations  for  the  breach  of  the  warrant
     agreement  by the  Company  and  unasserted  claims  for the  breach of the
     distribution  agreement by Anicom and the Company were settled. The Company
     paid  $1,150,000  to Anicom  pursuant to the  Settlement  Agreement,  which
     included the repurchase of all unvested warrants. As of September 30, 2000,
     the Company reduced  additional  paid-in capital in the amount of $705,000,
     representing  the fair value of the warrants,  calculated  using the Black-
     Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: dividend yield
     of none,  expected  volatility of 65%, risk free interest rate of 5.85% and
     an expected term of 3.17 years the remaining life to the maturity date. The
     remaining  portion of the settlement,  in the amount of $445,000,  has been
     charged to operations and included in general and  administrative  expenses
     for the year ended June 30, 2001.

16   Liquidity

     Historically,  the  Company has  experienced  significant  reoccurring  net
     operating  losses as well as  negative  cash  flows  from  operations.  The
     Company's main source of liquidity has been equity  financing which is used
     to fund losses from operating activities. For the year ended June 30, 2003,
     the  Company has  raised,  exclusive  of  commissions,  approximately  $9.0
     million  from  the  sale  of  its  preferred   and  common   stock.   While
     approximately  $6 million of the  proceeds  was  utilized to  purchase  the
     outstanding  capital stock of NNSI and repay a note payable due to Norstan,
     Inc.,  the  remainder  of the  proceeds  has been and will  continue  to be
     utilized  to  fund  ongoing   operations.   Additionally,   management  has


                                      F-33
<PAGE>
                     NETWOLVES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



     instituted  cost saving measures over the past 12 months intended to reduce
     its overhead  expenses,  most notably,  a reduction of staffing  within its
     Technology segment and its discontinued ComputerCOP operations, aggregating
     approximately $2.5 million in annual salaries and related benefits.

17   Subsequent events

     Through  September 25, 2003,  the Company has issued  approximately  75,000
     additional   shares  of  its  Series  C  Preferred  Stock  for  total  cash
     consideration  of  approximately  $4,500,000  and  approximately  1,200,000
     shares  of  unregistered  common  stock  for total  cash  consideration  of
     approximately $1,200,000.

                                      F-34
<PAGE>
                                  SCHEDULE II

                 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             Additions                            Balance
                                                          Balance at         charged to     Deductions from         at
                                                           beginning         costs and         allowances           end
                                                           of period          expenses                           of period
                                                       ---------------    ---------------   ---------------   ---------------
<S>                                                    <C>                <C>               <C>               <C>
Year ended June 30, 2003:
  Allowance for doubtful notes and accounts
     receivable                                        $       191,164    $       188,550   $       199,855   $       179,859
  Allowance for other assets                           $        89,589    $           -     $        89,589   $           -
  Accrued losses of discontinued operations            $       372,970    $       117,097   $       252,542   $       237,525

Year ended June 30, 2002:
  Allowance for doubtful notes and accounts
     receivable                                        $       152,259    $        38,905   $           -     $       191,164
  Allowance for other assets                           $        33,589    $        56,000   $           -     $        89,589
  Accrued losses of discontinued operations            $       496,927    $           -     $       123,957   $       372,970

Year ended June 30, 2001:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable           $        44,747    $       107,512   $           -     $       152,259
  Allowance for other assets                           $           -      $        33,589   $           -     $        33,589
  Accrued losses of discontinued operations            $           -      $       496,927   $           -     $       496,927
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
